2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  43 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Blood products  
We will cover the cost of transfusions of blood, plasma, blood plasma expanders , and 
other fluids injected into the bloodstream. Benefits are provided for the cost of storing a 
member’s own blood only when it is stored and used for a previously scheduled 
procedure.  
Bone mass measurement services  
We will cover services for bone mass measurement for the diagnosis and evaluation of osteoporosis or low bone mass if at least 23 months have elapsed since the last bone mass measurement was performed. We may cover follow -up bone mass measurement 
more freq uently than every 23 months if medically necessary . Bone mass measurement 
services  will only be  covered for individuals who meet  certain clinical criteria if for a 
primary diagnosis other than prevention or wellness. These services need  prior 
authorization. 
Chemotherapy services  
We will cover intravenous chemotherapy treatment as an outpatient service at a hospital  
or other facility . Covered health services  include the facility  charge and charges for 
related su pplies, equipment, and physician  services for covered health services . 
Chiro practic care  
We will cover outpatient chiropractic services when performed and found to be medically 
necessary by a network licensed chiropractor for the treatment or diagnosis of spinal 
conditions and neuromusculoskeletal disorders.  Covered health services  include  an initial 
office visit, chiropractic manipulative treatment with or without ancillary physiologic 
treatment , and/or rehabilitative methods to restore/improve motion, reduce pain, and 
improve function, ultrasound, traction therapy, and electrotherapy.  Chiropractic X-rays 
are covered only for X -rays of the spine . Chiropractic services must either significant ly 
improve  your condition in a reasonable and predictable period of time or be needed  to 
establish an effective maintenance program.  
The following are excluded from chiropractic and osteopathic services:  
• Chiropractic services that are a part of a maintenance program  
• Charges for care not given  in an office setting  
• Infusi on therapy or chelation therapy   
• Maintenance or preventive treatment consisting of routine, long -term, or not 
medically necessary  care to prevent reoccurrences or maintain the patient’s current 