2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  50 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Other  provider office visits 
We will cover primary and specialty care o ffice visits with qualifying  providers  who are 
practitioners other than a physician , such as  physician assistants or nurse practitioners.   
Outpatient facility services  (e.g.,  ambulatory surgery center)  
We will cover facility  charges for c overed health services  given  in an outpatient setting  
for treatment of an illness or injury. This includes, when applicable, surgical services and 
associated services and supplies for this care, such as  anesthesia, with prior authorization. 
Outpatient surgery physician  and surgical services  
We will cover professional fees for covered health services  given  in an outpatient setting , 
with  prior authorization .  
Pediatric vision services  
We cover p ediatric vision services through the last day of the month in which a child turns 
age 19. Covered services include :  
• One com prehensive low -vision exam every  five years and low -vision aids  
• One routine eye exam per calendar year  
• One pair of eyeglasses (with standard frames and lenses) or contact lenses per 
calendar year  
Please see the Schedule of Benefits for more  information and any limits.  
Physician services for sickness and injury  
We cover services given  by a physician , including specialists, for the diagnosis and 
treatment of an illness or injury. Services may be given  in a physician 's office, in a free -
standing clinic, at the patient’s home , or in a hospital .  
Pregnancy services  
Covered services include prenatal care, delivery, postpartum  care, and services for any 
related complications of pregnancy. We will cover services that include  those given  by a 
certified nurse  midwife  or a stand alone birthing center . The minimum duration of a 
covered inpatient stay for a delivery is 48 hours for the mother and newborn after a vaginal 
delivery or 96 hours for the mother and newborn after a cesarean section delivery . These 
time frames do not include  the day of delivery or surgery.  You do not need to get prior 
authorization during this time frame . However, prior authorization  is neede d after the 
minimum duration inpatient stay expires. The mother could be discharged earlier. If so, 
timely post -delivery follow -up care will be provided to the mother no later than 72 hours 