2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  73 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   • Accept the case for s tandard external review if our internal appeal  proces s was 
already completed, or  
• Need  the completion of our internal appeal  process before you may make another 
request for an external review.  
If you are dissatisfied with our decision , you may call the South Carolina Department of 
Insurance  for more help . 
IRO assignment  
If your request for external review is accepted, we will send your request to  the South 
Carolina Department of Insurance (SC  DOI) and inform them of your need for assignment 
of an IRO. The SC DOI will assign an IRO to review your request on an independent, 
impartial, rotational system. We will in no way influence the  choice of IROs or the  decision 
of the IRO reviewers. We will verify there is no conflict of interest with the assigned IRO. 
If there is a conflict of interest, we will notify the SC  DOI and request assignment of 
another IRO.  
We need  to send  all documents and any information considered in making the A dverse 
Benefit  Determination  or Final Determination  to the IRO within five business days of 
receipt of your request for standard external review and as expeditious ly as possible (not 
to exceed 72 hours) for expedited external review requests. If we do not provide all 
pertinent information to the IRO within this time frame, it will not delay the condu ct of 
your external review. T he IRO may then end the external review and make a decision to 
reverse the A dverse Benefit Determination  or Final Determination . If this occurs , the IRO 
will contact us and you or your authorized repre sentative  right away .  
For standard review requests, within five business days from receipt of the request, the 
IRO will provide written notice to the requestor of the request elig ibility and acceptance 
for external review. If the request is incomplete the notice will explain what information 
is needed to complete the request. The notice will also include the right to submit more  
information that relates  to the case.  Any more  information provided to the IRO will be 
shared with us so we may reconsider our initial decision.  The external review will be 
ended if we decide to reverse our decision and approve your request based on the 
information provided.  
IRO review and decision  
The IRO will send the requestor written notice of its determination within 45 calendar 
days for standard external review requests from the IRO’s date  of request receipt. 
Expedited review request decisions will be communicated within 72 hours from the date 
we received the initial request. Decisions  can be communicated verbally or in writing. If 