2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  69 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   verbally or in writing . An expedited appeal must be filed within 180 days from the date of 
our written notice denying your claim or your request for service . An expedited appeal  
will be made available when a non -expedited appeal  would reasonably appear to 
seriously jeopardize the life or health of a covered person  or jeopardize the covered 
person’s  ability to regain maximum function , or in the opinion of a physician with 
knowledge of your medical condition, would subject you to severe pain that cannot be 
adequately managed without the requested care or treatment . Your  provider  can also file 
a verbal request for e xpedited appeal . We will not need  written follow -up for a verbal 
request for expedited appeal . We may need  documentation of the medical justification 
for an expedited appeal .  
We will assign your request for expedited  appeal  to a clinical peer . You will have the 
chance  to provide evidenc e to support your appeal  by phone, in writing, or in person. 
When we have made a decision on your appeal , we will notify you verbally of our decision 
within 72 hours of receiving the expedited appeal  request  or within 2 business days of 
receipt of all necessary information to complete the appeal, whichever comes first . We 
will send a written notice of our determination to you, your authorized repr esentative, or 
provider who initiated the request.  
If we deny the  request for the appeal  to be processed in an expedited manner, we will 
handle the request as a s tandard appeal  and will send written notice to you or your 
authorized representative  that we have denied your request for an e xpedited appeal . 
You have the right to submit  a grievance  if the expedited appeal  is handled as a standard 
appeal .  
We will, in consultation with a doctor , provide expedited review and communicate the 
decision to covered member s and their  provider s as soon as possible.  If the expedited 
review is a concurrent review decision , we will remain liable for the coverage of health 
care services  until the covered person  has been notified of the decision . We do not need  
to provide an expedited review for retrospective A dverse B enefit  Determination s. 
You or your authorized representative  may  access any medical records or other 
documents we have that relate  to the subject of the expedited appeal  at no cost to you. 
You have the right to request that the health care provider performing the review  of your 
appeal  practices in the same specialty as your attending physician.  The physician  
reviewing your appeal  will: 
• Not have been involved in the previous decision on your claim or request for 
service  
• Have suitable  training in your condition or disease  