2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  18 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   contributions towards the cost of coverage;  
o The cancellation or discontinuance of coverage is initiated by the individual (or 
by the individual's authorized representative) and the sponsor, employer, plan, or issuer does not, directly or indirectly, take action to influence the individual's decision  to cancel or discontinue coverage retroactively or otherwise take any 
adverse action or retaliate against, interfere with, coerce, intimidate, or threaten the individual; or  
o The cancellation or discontinuance of coverage is initiated by the Exchange . 
• Rehabilitation services  — These services include chiropractic, physical, speech , 
language, and occupational therapy.  Services are given  on an inpatient or outpatient 
basis  and may be subject to limits as described in the Schedule of Benefits . 
• Rider  — An amendment to this Evidence of Coverage that may modif y the covered  
benefits . 
• Routine patient care costs for approved clinical trials  — All items or covered health 
services  that are otherwise generally available to a covered person  that are 
provided in a clinical trials  except the following:  
o The investigational items or service itself.  
o Items and  services provided solely to satisfy data collection and analysis needs 
and that are not used in the direct clinical  management of the patients.  
o Items and services customarily provided by the research sponsors free of charge 
for any enrollee in the trial. 
• Schedule of Benefits  — A document that identifies the member, applicable 
copayments , coinsurance , deductibles , out-of-pocket maximum amount, and 
benefit limits for covered health services . If we issue a new Schedule of Benefits , it 
will replace any prior Schedule of Benefits  on the effective date of the new Schedule 
of Benefits . A Schedule of Benefits , together with the  Evidence of Coverage, riders, 
and other documents that amend the  Evidence of Coverage make up your benefit 
plan  policy.  
• Serious condition or  illness — Injury , harm, or impairment that results in, or is 
likely to result in, any of the following:  
o Death;  
o Significant decline in physical, mental, or psychosocial functioning that is not solely due to the normal progression of a disease or aging process;  
o Loss of limb, or disfigurement;  
o Avoidable pain that is excruciating, and more than transient; or  