2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  10 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   o Serious impairme nt to bodily functions  
o Serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part  
For a pregnant person  having contractions, this includes if there is inadequate time 
to safely transfer the person  to another hospital  before delivery. It also includes  if 
that transfer may pose a threat to the health or safety of the person or unborn child.  
• Emergency medical provider  — Hospitals  licensed by the South Carolina 
Department of Health and Environmental Control, hospital -based services, 
physicians  licensed by the State Board of Medical Examiners, and oral surgeons and 
dentists licensed by the State Board of Dentistry who provide emergency medical 
care . 
 
• Emergency services  — Health care items and services given  or needed  to screen for 
or treat an emergency medical condition  until the condition is stabilized. It includes  
prehospital care and ancillary services routinely available to the emergency room .  
• Enrollment d ate — The date of enrollment, or if earlier, the first day of the waiting 
period for the enrollment  
• Evidence of Coverage (EOC) and coverage  information  — This document, your 
enrollment form, and any other attachments, Schedule of Benefits, riders , or other 
optional coverage selected, that explain your coverage. It explains your rights,  what 
we must do, and what you must  do as a member  of our health plan.  
• Exchange/Marketplace — Federally Facilitated Marketplace (FFM) is  an organized 
marketplace for health  plans  operated by the U.S. Department of Health and 
Human Services (HHS) . 
• Experimental  or investigational  — Services include a treatment, procedure, 
equipment, drug, drug usage, medical device, or supply that meets one or more of 
the following criteria as determined by First Choice  Next:   
o A drug or device that cannot be lawfully marketed without the approval of the 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration and has not been granted such approval on 
the date the service is provided.  
o A service  subject to oversight by an Institutional Review Board.  
o No reliable evidence demonstrates that the service is effective in clinical 
diagnosis, evaluation, management, or treatment of the condition.  
o The service is the subject of ongoing clinical trials to determine its maximum 
tolerated dose, toxicity, safety, or efficacy.  
o Evaluation of reliable evidence indicates that more  research is needed  before 