2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  11 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   the service can be classified as equally or more effective than conventional 
therapies.  
 
Note: Reliable evidence includes , but is not limited to , reports and articles 
published in authoritative peer -reviewed medical and scientific literature . It also 
includes  reviews  and coverage recommendations for clinical e ffectiveness 
published by First Choice  Next.  
• Facility  — A n institution giving  health care services  or a health care setting 
including, but not limited to, hospitals  and other licensed inpatient centers, 
ambulatory surgical or treatment centers, skilled nursing centers, residential treatment centers, diagnostic, laboratory,  imaging centers, and rehabilitation and 
other therapeutic health settings.  
• Final internal adverse determination ( Final Determination)  — An Adverse Benefit 
Determination  that has been upheld by us and completes our  internal appeal  
process . 
• First Choice Next Virtual Care 24/7 — The preferred vendor with whom  we have 
contracted to provide virtual care  services  to our members . Our preferred vendor 
contracts with providers  to render virtual care  services  to our members . 
• Formulary /formulary drugs  — A list of medications  we cover . Products on the 
formulary  generally cost less than products that are not on the  formulary . 
• Foster c hild — A minor over whom a guardian has been appointed by the clerk of 
superior court of any county in South Carolina. This can also be a minor whom a court of competent jurisdiction  has ordered a guardian the primary or sole custody . 
• Generic drug  — A recognized  drug approved by the Food and Drug Administration 
(FDA) as having the same active ingredient s as a brand name drug . Generally, a 
generic drug  works the same as a brand name drug  and costs less.  
• Grievance — A complaint submitted by a covered person . 
o An insurer’s  decisions, policies, or actions related to availability, delivery, or 
quality of health care services .  
o A complaint  submitted by a covered person  about a decision rendered  only 
because the health benefit plan has a benefits  exclusion for the health care 
services  in question is not a grievance  if the exclusion of the  service requested 
is clearly stated in the Evidence of Coverage .  
o Claims  payment of handling or reimbursement for services . 
o The contractual relationship between a c overed person  and an insurer . 