2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  53 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   incorrectly, you may challenge the decision through the internal appeal process of First 
Choice Next . You also have the right to pursue either a standard or, if warranted and 
appropriate, an expedited external review by an impartial, third -party reviewer known as 
an Independent Review Organization (IRO) . 
You may exercise your right to external review with an IRO upon initial denial or following 
a decision to uphold the initial denial pursuant to the internal appeal process of First 
Choice Nex t. If a decision is made to uphold the initial denial , your denial notice will explain 
your right to external review and provide instructions on how to make this request. An 
external review request can be made by you, your authorized representative, or your 
prescribing provider.  
An expedited external review may be warranted based on exigent circumstances. If your request for a standard external review is accepted, it is decided within 72 hours of receipt 
of your request. If your request for an expedited external review is accepted, it is decided within 24 hours of your request.  
We must follow the IRO's decision. If the IRO reverses our decision on a standard external review, we will provide coverage for the non -formulary drug for the duration of the 
prescription. If the IRO reverses our decision on an expedited external review, w e will 
provide coverage for the non -formulary drug for the duration of the exigency.  
Amounts paid toward reducing the cost sharing incurred by covered persons  using any 
form of direct support offered by drug manufacturers for specific prescription drugs may be, but are not required to be, counted toward your  annual limitation on cost sharing . 
Preventive health care services  
We cover any p reventive services neede d by federal and state laws or regulations . Your 
deductible , copayment , or coinsurance  amounts will not apply if these services are 
received from a n in-network provider . Services ordered by a network provider  to 
diagnose or treat a medical condition are not considered a preventive care service. Services received are billed at the suitable  cost-share described in your Schedule of 
Benefits . 
State and federally mandated preventive health care services  
Examples of neede d preventive services include, but are not limited to:  
• Abdominal aortic aneurysm screening for men ages 65 – 75 who have ever 
smoked  
• Annual mammogram, Pap test, colonoscopy, and colorectal cancer screenings  