2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  72 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   health care service or treatment you requested is more beneficial to you than 
available standard health care services or treatments and the adverse risks of the 
recommended or requested health care service or treatment would not be 
substantially increased over those of the standard services or treatments . 
Standard external review requests  
Y
our request for standard external review must be submitted in writing to First Choice 
Next within four  months of receiving our notice of final determination  that the services 
in question are not approved. You can submit this request to First Choice Next at P.O. B ox 
7100, London, KY 40742 -7100 or fax the request to 1-833-722-9329.  
Expedited external review requests  
An expedited  external review of an Adverse Benefit Determination  decision may be 
available if:  
• Your treating physician certifies that you have a serious medical condition where 
the time neede d to complete either an expedited internal appeal or a standard 
external review would reasonably be expected to seriously jeopardize your life or 
health or would jeopardize your ability to regain maximum function; or  
• Your request for external review concerns an admission, availability of care, 
continued stay, or health  care service for which you received emergency care as 
defined by state law, but have not been discharged from the facility.  
• Y ou qualify for an urgent internal appeal and ask f or both an urgent internal 
appeal and urgent external review at the same time.  
There is no time limit for expedite d external review requests. T hey can be submitted 
verbally or in writing to P.O. B ox 7100, London, KY 40742- 7100  or by fax to 1- 833-722-
9329.   
IRO external review eligibility determination  
Within five business days of receipt of your request for a standard external review, and 
as expeditiously as reasonably possible for expedited external review requests, we will 
comp lete a review of your request. This review will decide  if you meet the requirements 
for external review. If you do not meet the criteria for external review , we will notify you, 
your provider , or the authorized representative who submitted the request of our 
eligibility decision  within one business day of our review decision. If a request i s made for 
an expedited external review , we will consult  with a medical professional to decide  
whether your request meets expedited requirements. If your request is not accepted for 
expedited review, we may  either:  