2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  31 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   may select a specialist to serve as your PCP. This choice will be subject to our health plan’s 
approval. The specialist must have expertise in treating your disease or condition. They 
must  be responsible for and able to give and manage  your primary and specialty care. If 
we find that your care would not be suitably managed  by that specialist, we may not allow  
that specialist to be  chosen  as a PCP. You will be allowed to choose a n in-network  
pediatrician as the PCP for any covered dependents under age 18.  
Continuity  and transition of care  
First Choice Next is responsible for determining if a covered person  qualifies for 
continuation of care  and may request additional information in reaching this  
determination. Upon receipt of the member’s  request for continuation of care  
accompanied by the physician ’s attestation on the prescribed form, we will notify the 
provider  and the covered person of the provider's  date of termination from the network  
and of the continuation of care  provisions. Subject to prior authorization  and medically 
necessary  criteria review, f or 90 days after the effective date of a new member’s  
enrollment (or unt il treatment is completed, if less than 90 days), we will c over out-of-
network covered health services  with your treating provider  for any medical or 
behavio ral health condit ion being treate d when the member  enrolls  in our plan . If the 
member  is pregna nt and in their second  or third  trimest er, pregnancy -related  services w ill 
be covered  through 60 calendar days after the birth . Covered benefits  rendered through 
continuation of care  by a provider  to a covered person  for a serious medical condition  
are subject to the policy's  regular benefit limits.  Your policy does not require a covered 
person to pay a deductible  or copayment  that is greater than the  in-network rate for 
services rendered during the continuation of care . First Choice Next does not require  a 
covered person , as a condition of continued coverage under the plan , to pay a premium  
or contribution which is greater than the premium  or contribution for a similarly situated 
individual enrolled in the plan  on the basis of covered benefits  rendered as provided for 
in this section to the covered person  or the dependent of a covered person . 
If an in-network provider  stops participating in our  network , they become an out -of-
network provider . If you are in active treatment for a serious condition or illness  when 
this occurs , you may  continue getting  care from that out -of-network provider  through 
your continuity of care/transition of care coverage . This coverage  will end when  
treatment for the condition is completed or you change to a network provider , whichever 
comes first. This coverage is provided for a maximum of 90 days. We will not ify you if  your 
in-network provider  becomes an out -of-network provider . The out-of-network provider 
treating you may not bill you more than your in -network  cost-share for up to 90 -days 
after you are notified.   