2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  41 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   not apply to your deductible , but will count toward your out -of-pocket  maximum 
amount . 
 
Covered Health Services  
This section describes the s ervices for which coverage is available. Please refer to  the 
Schedule of Benefits for details about:  
• The amount y ou must pay for these covered health services  (including any 
deductible , copayment , and/or coinsurance ). 
• Any limit s that apply  to these covered health services  (including visit, day, and dollar 
limits on services).  
• Any limit to the amount y ou need to pay in a calendar year ( out-of-pocket  maximum 
amount ). 
You can ask for the Schedule of Benefits  and other policy  documents . Just call  Member 
Services at  1-833-983-7272 , 8 a.m. – 6 p.m., 5 days a week.  You may also access policy  
documents online at https://www.firstchoicenext.com/members/forms -a nd-
documents.aspx . 
Please refer to  the How to Use Your Health Plan section of this policy  to see whether 
services may need  prior authorization. 
Abortion services  
We will only cover abortion services in cases of rape, incest, or when the mother’s life is 
in danger.  
Accident -related dental services  
Outpatient and office visit services received for dental work and oral surgery are covered 
if they are for the initial repair of an injury to the natural teeth, mouth, jaw , or face that  
result s from an accident  and are medically necessary . Initial repair for injuries due to an 
accident  means services must be requested within 60 days from the date of injury. They 
must also  be given  within six months of the date of injury and include all examinations 
and treatment to complete the repair.  
Allergy testing and treatment  
We cover medically necessary  allergy testing and treatment, including allergy shots and 
serum only when administered by a n in-network provider  in an office visit setting.  
Ambulance services  
We cover ambulance services by ground, air, or water for  an emergency . Services must 