2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  66 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   GRIEVANCES AND APPEAL S 
Sometimes First Choice  Next may decide to deny or limit a request your  provider  makes 
for you for benefits or services offered by our plan. To keep you satisfied, we offer  ways 
to file  a grievance or appeal . You have the right to file a grievance , file an appeal, and to 
an external review  with respect to certain Adverse Benefit Determinations or appeals  
not decided in your favor .  
When First Choice  Next receives an initial complaint, we will respond within a reasonable 
time after submission. At the time of initial receipt of your complaint,  we will inform you 
of your right to file a grievance at any time. We can  help you do  so. 
Our grievances  and appeal s process es are in place to  address concerns you may have 
with a service issue, quality of care, or the denial of a claim or request for service . In 
general, any concern about the  quality of care or service is considered a grievance. 
Concerns about  the denial of a claim or request for service  are considered appeal s. Our 
grievance  process is available for review of any policy , decision , or action we make that  
affects the member . 
If you need help with filing a grievance  or appeal , we will help walk you through the 
process. This includes  help with completing forms, providing interpreter and translation 
services, or providing TTY support and ancillary aid . Additionally,  free letter translations 
are available on request. This service is provided to you at no charge by calling  Member 
Services at 1-833-983-7272 (TTY 711). 
Grievances  
You, your authorized representative ,  or your provider  can file a grievance  with us at any 
time . You  can do so in writing or over the phone . Grievances must be submitted within 
one year after the date of occurrence of the action that initiated the grievance . The 
Grievance process is voluntary . 
A gr ievance should be provided  to us by you or your authorized representative  by phone 
at 1-833-983-7272 or in writing at:  
Member Grievances  
P.O. B ox 7202  
London, KY 40742- 7202  
 
On filing your g rievance, please include any information you believe supports your case. 
We will carefully consider the issue(s) you raise , and we will never charge you anything to 
file a g rievance. Filing a g rievance will also never affect your benefits .  