2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  81 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   GENERAL  PROVISIONS  
Entire policy  
This policy , including an application for coverage and any enrollment forms , 
amendments, riders , and endorsements , and a Schedule of Benefits , if any, constitutes 
the exclusive and entire contract of insurance between you and the health plan, and shall 
be binding on all covered persons ; the health plan; and any of our subsidiaries, affiliates,  
successors, heirs, and permitted assignees. All prior negotiations, agreements, and  
understandings are superseded hereby. No oral statements, representations, or  
understanding by any person can change, alter, delete, add to, or otherwise modify the  
express written terms of this contract. There are no warranties, representations, or  other 
agreements between y ou and us in connection with the subject matter of this  plan , except 
as specifically set forth herein.  
Modifications  
This contract may not be modified, amended, or changed, except in writing and signed by  
an officer of First Choice Next  or the person designated by an officer  of First Choice Next . 
No employee, agent, or other person is authorized to interpret, amend, modify, waive, or 
otherwise change this  contract or any of its provisions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
we have the right to and  may modify or otherwise change the terms and conditions of 
the contract to make periodic administrative modifications. We will  notify you in writing 
of any  changes to this contract . 
Time limit on certain defenses  
After two years from the issue date of this policy , only fraudulent misstatements in the 
application may be used to void the policy or deny any claim for loss incurred or disability 
that starts after the two -year period.  
Non -waiver  
If we or you fail to enforce or to insist on strict compliance with any of the terms, conditions, limit s, or exclusions of the policy , that will not be considered a waiver of any 
rights under the policy . A past failure to strictly enforce the policy  will not be a waiver of 
any rights in the future, even in the same situation or set of facts.   
 
Conformity with state laws  
Any term of this policy , which on its effective date,  is in conflict with South Carolina law 
or with any applicable federal law that imposes additional requirements beyond what is 
needed under South Carolina law will be amended to conform with the minimum 
requirements of such law.  