2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  39 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   us decide.  We will allow the following extensions of the above time  frames for you or your 
provider  to send  this additional information based on the type  of request:  
• 45 calendar days for retrospective requests  
• 45 calendar days for non -urgent care prospective requests  
• 72 hours for concurrent requests  
• 48 hours for urgent care prospective requests   
If a provider  or member  fails to release needed  information in a timely manner, we may 
deny certification of the requested service.  You may appeal t he decision  to deny 
certification or authorization.   
If we have approved a  course of treatment to be provided over a period of time or number 
of treatments:  
• Any reduction or ending  by us of such course of treatment (other than by plan 
amendment or ending ) before the end of such period of time or number of 
treatments shall constitute an Adverse Benefit Determination . We will notify the 
member  of the A dverse Benefit Determination . We will notify enough  in advance 
of the reduction or termination to allow the member  to appeal and get a decision  
on review of that A dverse Benefit Determination  before the benefit is reduced or 
ended. 
• A member can ask to extend the course of treatment beyond the prescribed  time 
or number of treatments . In certain cases , we will make a benefit decision  as soon 
as possible. This is the case when  delay in the decision could reasonably appear to : 
o Seriously jeopardize the life or health of the member  
o Seriously jeopardize the member’s  ability to regain maximum function   
o In the opinion of a physician with knowledge of the member’s  medical 
condition, would subject the member  to severe pain that cannot be adequately 
managed without the care or treatment that  the member is requesting.  
 
In deciding , we will consider  any urgent medical needs . For concurrent and 
prospective requests received by the plan at least 24 hours before  the end of the 
prescribed period of time or number of treatments, we will notify the  member  of 
the benefit determination, whether adverse or not, within 24 hours for concurrent 
requests and within 72 hours for prospective requests after we receive  the request. 
Notification of any A dverse Benefit Determination  on a request to extend the 
course of treatment shall be made in accordance with this plan.  