2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  26 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   end your enrollment through the Exchange as permitted by the Exchange  in accordance 
with  45 CFR 156. 270 and South Carolina law. If your coverage ends for any of the reasons 
below, your last day of coverage will be the last day of the month for which you have paid 
your premium. End of coverage  for you will also end coverage for any dependents  who  
may be enrolled in our health plan with you under this policy . If your coverage ends, we 
will send you written notice 3 1 days before ending  your coverage.  First Choice  Next may 
nonrenew, discontinue, or end your coverage in accordance with federal and state  law.  
Reasons for ending coverage may include:  
• For an enrolled child  dependent, the end of the calendar year in which they turn 26.  
• Loss of eligibility if you are no longer living in the service area  served by our plan .  
• If premiums  are not paid when they are due . In this case , we will give you 15 days ’ 
advance written notice  of pending termination before  ending coverage . Please refer 
to the payment of premiums  section of this policy  for additional information on 
grace periods allowed for delinquent premium amounts  due.  
• Discon tinuation of this plan. In this  case , we will give you 90 days ’ advance written 
notice before ending coverag e. We  will provide you with the option to purchase a 
different health insurance plan offered by First Choice  Next in the individual market.   
• Discontinuation of all of our plans in the South Carolina Exchange . In this  case , we 
will give you 180 days ’ advance written notice before ending coverage .  
• Fraud, including improper use of your member ID card.  
If a child dependent  reaches their age limit  and First Choice Next accepts your premium 
after the date your coverage will no longer be effective , the coverage under this policy  
will continue in force until the end of the period for which the premium has been accepted. In the event the age of the dependent child has been misstated and if, 
according to the correct age of the  child depe ndent, the coverage provided by this policy  
would not have become effective or would have ceased prior to the acceptance of the premium or premiums , then First Choic e Next will issue you a refund, upon request, of 
all premiums paid for the period not covered by this policy . 
If we end your coverage or enrollmen t in a Qualified Health Plan  purchased  through the 
Exchange , we will pr omptly and without undue delay, provide you with a notice of the 
end of coverage  that includes the effective date your coverage ends and the reason your 
coverage ended.  
Rescission in coverage 
First Choice Next does not rescind coverage of an individual who is covered under this 