2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  19 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   o Other serious harm that creates life -threatening complications/conditions  
• Serious  medical condition  — A health condition or illness, that requires medical 
attention, and where failure to provide the current course of treatment through the 
current provider would place the person's health in serious jeopardy, and includes cancer, acute myocardial infarction, and pregnancy. Such attestation by the treating physician  must be made upon the request of the patient and in a written form 
approved by the Department of Insurance or prescribed through regulation, order, or bulletin . 
• Seriously disabling  — A health condition or illness that involves a serious 
impairment to bodily functions or serious dysfunction of a bodily organ or part.  
• Service area — T he geographic area in South Carolina as described by state law  
where an HMO enrolls persons who either work in the service area , reside in the 
service area , or work and reside in the service area . Visit our  website to see our 
coverage map of counties within our service area : 
https://www.firstchoicenext.com/view- plans/coverage -area.aspx . You may also 
call Member Services at 1-833-983-7272, 8 a.m. – 6 p.m., 5 days a week , to learn 
more .  
• Sex ual dysfunction — Any of a group of sexual disorders that cause  inhibition either 
of sexual desire or of the psychophysiological changes that are usually part of  sexual 
response. Included are female sexual arousal disorder, male erectile disorder, and 
hypoactive sexual desire disorder.  
• Skilled nursing facility (SNF)  — A licensed institution, other than a hospital, that has 
a contract with First Choice  Next to provide skilled nursing facility  care. The facility  
must:  
o Be operated pursuant to law;  
o Be approved for payment of Medicare benefits or be qualified to receive such 
approval, if so requested;  
o Be primarily engaged in providing, in addition to room and board 
accommodations, skilled nursing care under the supervision of a duly licensed 
physician ; 
o Provide continuous 24 hours a day nursing service by or under the supervision 
of a registered graduate professional nurse  (RN); and  
o Maintain a daily medical record of each patient.  
 The term skilled nursing facility  does not include:  
o Any home, facility  or part thereof used primarily for rest;  