2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  8 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   o Abruption of placenta  
o Acute nephritis  
o Emergency  cesar ean section, if provided in the course of treatment for a 
complication of pregnancy  
o Kidney infection  
o Placenta previa  
o Poor fetal growth  
o Preeclampsia or eclampsia 
• Continuation of care  — The provision of in -network  level benefits for services 
rendered by certain out -of-network providers  for a definite period of time in order 
to ensure continuity of care for covered persons  with a serious medical condition. 
• Copayment (or copay)  — A specific  dollar  amount you may need  to pay as your 
share of the  allowed amount  for covered health services  or prescription drugs you 
get. A copayment  is a set amount, rather than a percentage. For example, you might 
pay $10 or $20 for a doctor’s visit or prescription drug.  A copayment  is not a 
coinsurance . Coinsurance  is defined elsewhere in this policy . 
• Cost -sharing  — A mounts that a covered person  must  pay when services or drugs 
are received. Cost -sharing  includes any combination of these types of payments:  
o Any coinsurance  amount, a percentage of the total amount paid for a service or 
drug that a health plan needs  when a specific service or drug is received.  
o Any deductible  amount a health plan may impose before services or drugs are 
covered.  
o Any fixed copayment  amount that a health plan needs  when a specific service 
or drug i s received.  
• Covered benefits  — Health care services  to which a covered person  is entitled 
under the terms of a health benefit plan.  
• Covered health service  — Health  care services  payable under  this Evidence of 
Coverage . They must be  medically  necessary  and ordered or performed by a 
provider  who  is legally authorized or licensed and suitably  credentialed to order or 
perform the service. Covered health services  include things such as a medical 
service or supply, doctor’s visit, hospital  visit, or a prescription drug. For prescription 
drugs, covered  health  services  mean drugs or supplies to treat medical conditions, 
such as disposable needles and syringes when given  with insulin. 
• Covered person, member , or you — an insured, policyholder, subscriber , enrollee, 
or other person  entitled to covered benefits under a health benefit plan.  
• Deductible  — The amount you must pay for covered  health services or prescription  
drug s each year before your health benefit plan  begins to pay.  