2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  30 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   professionals who specialize in obstetrics or gynecology without the need for a referral or 
prior authorization.  If you use a network provider , the provider  will bill us for any covered 
health services  they give. You will need to pay  any deductibles , copayments , and 
coinsurance  outlined in your Schedule of Benefits . You will also need  to pay for any non -
covered health services.  
This means we will not pay for services you might get  from  out-of-network 
providers  unless : 
• You have an emergency medical condition , or 
• We authorize services from an  out-of-network provider  because the  medically 
necessary  services you need are not available from an in-network provider .  
If we authorize  out-of-network  services , your cost -share needs  will be at your  in-
network  cost share.   
Note: Your actual expenses for covered services may exceed the stated coinsurance  
percentage or copayment amount because actual provider  charges may not be used to 
deter mine y our and our payment needs.  
First Choice  Next plans comply with the provisions of the No Surprises Act of the 2021 
Consolidated Appropriations Act  and any associated rules or regulations that the Centers 
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) or other regulatory authorities may issue . The 
member will not be pena lized and will not incur out -of-network benefit levels unless 
participating providers able to meet the  member’s  health needs are available without 
unreasonable delay  or the  member agrees to sign over their rights. The member will not 
be charged for balance bills for out- of-network care (emergency services or care by a non -
participating provider at an  in-network facility ) without the informed consent of the 
member or prior authorization. If the member receives  incorrect information from First 
Choice  Next about a provider’s network  status , they will  only be responsible for the in-
network cost share. I f a provider or health care facility leaves our network  and you are in 
active treatment or terminally ill, First Choice  Next will continue to cover covered health 
services at the member’s in-network cost share for up to 90 days . Please refer to the 
“Continuity/transition of care” section of this policy  for additional information.  
Choosing a primary care provider (PCP)  
Once you enroll, you and any covered dependents  in this plan must choose a PCP. If you 
do not choose  one, we will pick one for you. You can also change your PCP  if the PCP is 
no longer a network provider . Your PCP will oversee your care and order  services from 
other network providers when needed. In  certain cases , if you have  been diagnosed with  
a serious or chronic degenerative, disabling, or life -threatening condition or disease, you 