2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  68 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   claim or your request for service. The appeal procedure is voluntary for the member . An 
appeal  may be initiated and/or proposed by the  member  or authorized representative , 
inclu ding their  provider . We will also help you with filing the written appeal  if you need 
it.  
Verbal appeals : The date you make your verbal appeal  counts as the date of receipt of 
your appeal .  
Once your appeal  is received, we will start  researching your appeal . Within five business 
days after receiving a request for a standard, non- expedited  appeal , we will provide you 
with the name, address, and phone  number of the coordinator and information on how 
to submit written material. You or your authorized representative  will be allowed to 
access any medical records or other documents  we have that relate  to the subject of the 
appeal  at no cost to you. You can ask  for these records and documents by calling  Member 
Services at 1- 833-983-7272, 8 a.m. – 6 p.m., 5 days a week.  If your review neede d 
physician review, t he physician  reviewing your appeal  will: 
• Not have been involved in the previous decision on your claim or request for 
service  
• Have the suitable  traini ng in your condition or disease   
• Not be a subordinate of any person involved in the initial decision to deny services  
You have the right to request that the health care provider performing the review  of your 
appeal  practices in the same specialty as your attending physician. You can provide 
evidence to support your appeal  by phone, in writing, or in person. Once we have made 
a decision on your appeal , we will send you written notice of the decision within 30 
calendar days for pre -service and post- service appeals . If the request is an accepted 
expedited appeal , we will instead decide  within 72 hours of the request receipt . In rare 
circumstances the 30 day decision timeframe may be extended up to 60 days. If your 
appeal  concerns continuation of a service that you are currently receiving , you can 
continue getting  the services being appealed either until the end of the approved 
treatment period or until  the decision  of the appeal .  
You may be financially responsible for the continued services if the appeal  is not 
approved. You can ask for  continued services by calling M ember  Services at 1- 833-983-
7272  (TTY 711). Note: You cannot request an extension of services after the original 
authorization has ended. To learn more , please call  Member  Services.  
Expedited appeals  
An expedited appeal  can be requested by you or  your authorized representative  either 