2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  51 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   immediately after  discharge.  Complications of pregnancy are treated the same as any 
other illness. An emergency  (non -elective) cesarean section is considered a complication 
of pregnancy. 
Coverage also includes well-baby care in the hospital  or birthing center.  Complications of 
pregnancy are treated the same as any other illness. An emergency (non -elective) 
cesarean section is considered a complication of pregnancy .  
Prescription drugs  
We use a P harmacy Benefit Manage r (PBM) to help manage your prescription drug 
benefit, including specialty medications. You will need to fill your prescription medications 
from a network pharmacy  for it to be covered under your prescription drug benefit. 
Prescriptions can be filled at either a retail network pharmacy  or through our mail- order 
network pharmacy . As with obtaining any service under our plan, you will need to show 
your member ID card when you fill or get  your prescription medications.  
The list of prescription drugs covered under this plan is also called a formulary . The 
formulary  covers both brand (preferred and non- preferred) and generic medications and 
will determine your out-of-pocket costs  for medications under our plan. The formulary  
may occasionally  change, but we will provide written notice to you before any changes 
take effect. We  will also work with you and your prescriber to switch to another covered 
medication if you are on a long -term prescription. You can ask for the formulary  listing. 
Just call Member Services at 1- 833-983-7272, 8 a.m. – 6 p.m., 5 days a week. A searchable 
formulary  is available at 
https://client.formularynavigator.com/Search.aspx?siteCode=7356865853 . Y ou can enter 
a medication name to see if it is covered i n the formulary , what drug benefit tier it is on, 
and if there are any limits such as Prior Authorization, Step Therapy , Quantity Limits , or 
Age Limits. There is also a printable formulary  on the website at 
https://www.firstchoicenext.com/assets/pdf/provider/resources/formulary.pdf. It  sh ows 
all of the medications in the formulary , their drug benefit tiers , and any limits.  
We will cover certain off -l abel uses of cancer drugs in accordance with state law. We will 
not exclude coverage for any drug used for cancer treatment  on the grounds that the drug 
has not been approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the 
treatment of a specific type of cancer for which the drug has been prescribed. This is 
provided  that such drug is recognized for treatment of that specific type of cancer in one 
of the standard reference compendia or in the medical literature. To quali fy for off -label 
use, the drug must be recognized for the specific treatment for which the drug is being prescribed by one of the following four compendia  (summaries of drug information that 
are compiled by experts who have reviewed clinical data on drugs) : (1) National 