2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  47 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Habilitative services  
Medically necessary habilitative services  that help you keep, learn, or improve skills and 
functioning of daily living. These services may include occupational therapy. P hysical 
therapy must be ordered by a physician and delivered by suitably licensed medical 
personnel. We will determine if the service is covered by reviewing both the skilled nature 
of the service and the need for physician management . These services may be provided 
in an inpatient or outpatient setting.  
Covered health services  also include chiropractic manipulative treatment with or without 
ancillary physiologic treatment and/or rehabilitative methods given to restore or improve 
motion, reduce pain, and improve function. This applies  when a network  chiropractor 
finds that the outpatient services are m edically necessary to treat or diagnose 
neuromusculoskeletal disorders . 
The following are excluded from chiropractic and osteopathic services:  
• Charges for care no t provided in an office setting   
• Infusi on therapy or chelation therapy   
• Maintenance or preventive treatment consisting of routine, long -term, or not 
medically necessary  care provided to prevent reoccurrences or to maintai n the 
patient’s current status  
• Manipulation under anesthesia   
• Services of a chiropractor or osteopath that are not within their scope of practice, 
as defined by state law  
• Vitamin or supplement therapy   
Please see the Schedule of Benefits  for more  information and any limits.  
Home health care  
We will cover certain services received in the home from a certified or licensed home 
health agency when ordered by a p hysician. Examples of these services include skilled 
care; physical, occupational, speech , language , and respiratory therapy;  social work 
services ; and home infusion. Services must only be provided on a part- time, intermittent 
basis . They  cannot be solely for helping  with activities of daily living. Please see  your 
Schedule of Benefits  for more information and any limits that may apply.  
Hospice care  
Hospice  care is a comprehensive program of care that addresses the physical, social, and 