2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  78 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Member Rights and Responsibilities  
Member  rights  
A member  has the right  to: 
• Get information about the health plan, its benefits , services included or excluded 
from coverage policies, and network provider s’ and member s’ rights and 
responsibilities . Written and web -based information given  to the member  must be 
readable and easily understood.  
• Be treated with respect and be recognized for their  dignity and right to privacy . 
• Participate in decision -making with  provider s about  their  health care . This right 
includes candid discussions of suitable  or medically necessary  treatment options for 
their condition, regardless of cost or benefits  coverage.  
• Voice grievances  or appeal s about the health plan or care provided and receive a 
timely response. The member  has a right to be notified of the disposition of appeal s 
or grievances  and the right to further appeal , as suitable . 
• Make recommendations about  our member  rights and responsibilities policies by 
contacting Member  Services . 
• Choose provider s, within the limits of the provider  network , including the right to 
refuse care from specific provider s. 
• Have confidential treatment of personally identifiable health  or medical 
information . The member  also has the right to have access to their  medical record 
per applicable federal and state laws . 
• Be given reasonable access to medical services . 
• Receive health care services  without discrimination based on race; color; religion; 
sex; age; national origin; ancestry; nationality; citizenship; alienage; marital, 
domestic partnership, or civil union status; affectional or sexual orientation; physical 
ability; pregnancy (including  childbirth, lactation, and related medical conditions); 
cognitive, sensory, or mental disability; human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV) status; 
military or veteran status; whistleblower status (when applicable under federal or 
state law depending on the locality and circumstances); gender identity and/ or 
expression; genetic information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing); 
or any other category protected by federal, state, or local laws.  
• Formulate advance directives . The  plan will provide information about  advance 
directives to member s and provider s. The plan  will also support member s through 