2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  25 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   If the dependent is a newly adopted child or foster child , the effective date of coverage 
is the date of the adoption or placement for adoption, or the placement for foster care. 
An eligible adopted child must be enrolled within 3 1 days from the legal date of the 
adoption.  We will give benefits  to your adopted child under the same terms and 
conditions that apply to naturally born dependent children. This applies  whether the 
adoption has become final when your adopted child’s coverage becomes effective. A 
foster child must be enrolled within 3 1 days from the date of placement in the foster 
home.   
The premium  may change because of adding the newborn, foster child, or adopted child 
to your coverage . If it changes , you will need to pay the full premium amount for the 
newborn within 31 days of the date of birth or 30 days of the legal adoption date  or 
placement of the foster child. 
Changes in eligibility  
You will need to let us know of any changes that might affect your eligibility or the 
eligibility of any dependents for coverage under this policy . You must let us know within 
60 days of the change. These changes include , but are not limited to:  
• Change in your permanent address  
• Change in your phone number  
• Change in your  marital status  
• Change in dependent status  (including changes in  the number of dependents )  
• Changes in age  
• You or your dependent get other insurance coverage that may impact you or your 
dependents ’ eligibility. Examples include  a health plan through an employer or a 
program like Medicare . 
 
We will extend coverage for a child enrolled in a postsecondary educational institution 
during a medically necessary  leave of absence.  If there are changes to your marital status, 
on the entry of a valid decree of divorce between the subscriber  and the insured spouse, 
the divorced spouse is entitled to have issued to them  an individual policy  of accident  and 
health insurance . This can be issued  without evidence of insurability, on  application made 
to the insurer  within 60 days following the entry of the decree, and on payment of the 
suitable  premium. 
End of coverage — termination of enrollment  
For Qualified Health Plans purchased through the Exchange , First Choice Next will only 