2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  23 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   of earning a living, the child may stay eligible for dependent health benefits  beyond age 
26 if all of the following are true:  
• The child is and remains incapable of self -sustaining employment because  of 
intellectual disability or physical handicap.  The condition started before the child 
reached age 26 . 
• The child was covered under this or any other health plan before the child reached 
age 26 and stayed continuously covered after reaching age 26 .  
• The child depends on you for most or all of their  support.   
 
For the child to stay eligible, you must provide our health plan and the federal Exchange 
written  proof that the child : 
• Is mentally, physically, or developmentally disabled  
• Depends on you for  most of their support  
• Is incapable of earning a living  
You have 31 days from the date the child reaches age 26 to do this. We may at times  ask 
you to confirm that your child’s condition hasn’t changed. We will not ask for this 
confirmation more than once a year . 
Per all applicable requirements of Public La w 110 -381, known as Michelle’s L aw, w e will 
extend coverage for a child enrolled in a postsecondary educational institution  during a 
medically necessary  leave of absence . 
When coverage begins  
If you are newly enrolled in our health plan and have paid your first month’s premium, 
your coverage will start on  the effective date on your member ID card . No health services 
received before  the effective date are covered.  
If you were previously a member  of the health plan in the past 12 months, your premium  
payments must be up to date for the past plan year  before we can renew this policy . If 
there is any balance due for the prior plan year , any payment you make toward a new or 
renewing policy  will be applied to that outstanding balance before it is applied to the new 
policy  premium. You must make the first month’s  premium payment for coverage to 
start . 
Enrollment periods  