2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  84 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   benefits under this policy shall be for such proportion of the indemnities otherwise 
provided hereunder for such loss as the like indemnities of which the insurer had notice 
(including the indemnities under this policy) bear to the total amount of all like  
indemnities for such loss and for the return of such portion of the premium paid as shall 
exceed the pro ratio portion for the indemnities thus determined.  
Coordination of b enefits  
This policy  does not coordinate benefits with any other policies. That means that this 
policy pays benefits regardless of other coverage you might have.  
 
Subrogation  
In a case where a health insurer has a legal liability to make payments for medical assistance to or on behalf of a person, to the extent that payment has been made under 
a State Plan for Medical Assistance pursuant to Title XIX of the Social Security Act for 
health care items or services furnished to the person, the State is considered to have 
acquired the rights of the person to the payment for the health care items or services. To 
the extent that benefits for covered health services  are provided or paid under this 
policy , the plan shall be subrogated and succeed to any rights of recovery of a member 
as permitted by law for expenses incurred against any person, firm, corporation, business 
entity, or organization except insurers on policies or health insurance issued to and in the 
name of the member . The member shall execute and deliver such instruments and take 
such other reasonable action as the plan may need  to secure such rights, as permitted by 
law. The  member  shall do nothing to prejudice the rights gi ven the plan by this paragraph 
without its consent.  These provisions shall not apply where subrogation is specifically 
prohibited by law.  
Congenital defects and anomalies  
First Choice  Next provides the same benefits  for covered minor children with congenital 
defects or anomalies as any other sickness or illness the minor child may have.  
Pre-existing conditions  
First Choice Next does not exclude coverage based on pre -existing conditions.  
Lifetime and annual dollar limits  
First Choice Next does not apply lifetime or annual dollar limits to any of the benefits  in 
your policy.  
Preventive and wellness services and chronic disease management  
First Choice Next complies with the recommendations set forth by the  National 