2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  45 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   coverage given. A ny excess thereafter shall be provided by this plan.  
Diabetes services and supplies  
We cover services, equipment, and supplies for the treatment of diabetes mellitus if it is 
medically necessary  and a  network provider prescribes it. Please see the Prescription 
Drugs section of this policy to learn more about  your prescription drug coverage for 
diabetes medication and supplies. The  following is a list of diabetes  services and supplies 
covered under your policy when received from a network provider:  
• Diabetes care management and monitoring equipment, including certai n supplies 
that may be covered under your pharmacy benefit.  
• Diabetes education when a network provider  who specializes in the treatment of 
diabetes certifies that services are medically necessary . 
• Exams, including diabetic eye examinations and foot examinations.  
• Insulin pumps and supplies needed for the insulin pumps.  
• Outpatient medical nutrition therapy services ordered by a physician and provided 
by suitab ly licensed or registered health care professionals.  
• Podiatric appliances for the prevention of complications associated with diabetes . 
• Routine foot care . 
Diagnostic services — outpatient  
We cover laboratory, X- ray, and radiology services done  to diagnose disease or injury. 
Outpatient diagnostic services  or imaging  may be given  at a hospital , alternate facility , or 
physician's  office. Specific diagnostic services for  preventive care can be found in the 
preventive health care services  section below.  
Dialysis services — outpatient  
We cover dialysis treatments received as an outpatient from a network provider , 
including outpatient dialysis centers and physician  offices.  
Durable medical equipment ( DME ) and devices  
We cover medically necessary  DME  ordered or given  by a p hysician . DME  may need  a 
prior authorization , and we reserve the right to approve rental instead of purchase of the 
DME . Examples of DME  include, but are not limited to , crutches, orthotics  (including for 
positional plagiocephaly) , prosthetics , and wheelchairs.  
Emergency services  