2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  9 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   • Department  — The South Carolina Department of Insurance.  
• Department of Health and Human Services  — The United States Department of 
Health and Human Services (HHS), is a cabinet -level executive branch department 
of the U.S. federal government created to protect the health of all Americans , 
provide  essential human services , and oversee the Exchange . 
• Dependent — The subscriber 's spouse, domestic partner, or child  who resides 
within the United States . “Child” includes a biological child, an adopted child, 
or a child placed for adoption  or foster care  who is younger than 18 years of age on 
the date of the adoption or placement for adoption  or foster care.   
• Disenroll or disenrollment  — The process of ending your membership in our health 
plan. Disenrollment  may be voluntary (your own choice) or involuntary (not your 
own choice).  
• Durable medical equipment (DME)  — Certain medical equipment  and supplies  
ordered by your provider  for medical reasons. Examples include:  
o Crutches  
o Diabetes supplies  
o Hospital beds ordered by a provider  for use in the home  
o IV infusion pumps  
o Nebulizers  
o Oxygen equipment  
o Powered mattress systems 
o Speech -generating devices  
o Walkers  
o Wheelchairs  
• Effective date — The date a member  becomes covered under this policy  for 
covered  health  services . 
• Emergency medical care — H ealth care services given  in a hospital  emergency 
facility  to evaluate and treat an emergency medical condition . 
• Emergency  medical condition  or emergency  — When you, or any other prudent 
layperson with an average knowledge of health and medicine, reasonably think  you 
have acute symptoms of enough severity (including severe pain) such that the 
absence of immediate medical attention could mean:  
o Placing your health (or, for a pregnant person , the health of the person  or their  
unborn c hild) in serious jeopardy  