2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  49 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   discharge medically suitable . If you are released before the end of your 48 -hour window, 
your coverage will include at least one home health  care visit if ordered by your attending 
physician.  
 
Breast reconstruction is covered regardless of the time elapsed between the mastectomy 
and the reconstruction. These benefits  will be given  subject to the same deductibles  and 
coinsurance that apply  to other medical and surgical benefits  under this plan. To learn 
more , please call the Member Services number on the back of your First Choice  Next 
member ID card.  
Mental health and substance use services  
Inpatient behavioral health services and substance use s ervices are covered when 
received in an inpatient or intermediate care setting. Care may be given  in a general or 
psychiatric hospital , a residential treatment center, or an alternate facility . Substance use 
services include detoxification and related medical services when neede d for the diagnosis 
and treatment of addict ion to alcohol and/or drugs. These services include  medication 
management when provided with a consultation.  
 
We will also cover certain outpatient behavioral health services and substance use 
services. Examples include:  
• Day treatment programs  
• Diagnostic testing  to evaluate a mental condition  
• Outpatient office visits  
• Outpatient rehabilitation services  in individual or group settings  
• Short -term partial hospitalization  
Mental health and substance use services are excluded and not covered by your health 
benefit plan when related to:   
• Court -ordered services neede d for parole or probation  
• Marital and relationship  counseling  
• Testing for aptitude or intel ligence  
• Testing for evaluation and diagnosis of learning abilities  
First Choice  Next complies with the federal Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act. 
We cover mental health and substance use services in parity with medical or surgical benefits  within the same classification or subclassification.  