2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  32 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   To get these  services , you must obtain prior authorization from the health benefit plan. 
Pregnant members  in their second or third trimester of pregnancy and who have started 
prenatal care with a provider  who stops participating in our network can continue 
receiving pregnancy -related services  through the date of birth of the baby and 60 days 
after the birth. This continuity of care allowance does not apply to  providers  who se 
participation as network providers  has been ended  for cause by the plan.  
If you are found to be terminally ill  when your  provider  stops participating  in our networ k, 
or at the time you enroll  in our plan, and your  provider  was treating your ter minal illness 
before the date  the provider  stops participating  or your new enrollment in our plan,  you 
can continue to receive care from that provider . However, this is only true for services 
that directly relate to the treatment of your illness or its medical effects . This coverage is 
provided until you select another network provider as your treating physician or you 
reach your continuity/transition of care 90 -day coverage maximum, whichever is shorter.   
Medical necessity   
Covered benefits  and services under our plan must be medically necessary . We use 
clinical criteria, scientific evidence, professional practice standards , and expert opinion to 
decide  medical necessity . The cost of services and supplies that are not medically 
necessary  will not be eligible for coverage . They  will not  be applied to deductibles or out-
of-pocket amounts.  
Prior authorization  
We may need to review certain services or supplies before you receive them to make sure 
they are medically necessary  and being given  by a network provider . If you are receiving 
services from a network provider , the provider  will be responsible for getting any needed  
prior authorization before you get  services. If the prior authorization is denied and the 
provider  still gives  you these services, the provider  cannot bill you for these denied 
services  unless you agreed to receive services at a self -pay rate. If you are getting  servi ces 
outside of our service area  or from an out -of-network provider , you will need to make 
sure to get any needed prior authorization  before receiving services . If you do not,  the 
service may not be covered under this plan .  
Prior  authorization  can be taken back after emergency services  are given  if you or your 
provider  materially misrepresented your condition.  Coverage will also depend on any 
limits or exclusions for this plan , payment of premium, eligibility at the time of service, 
and any deductible  or cost -sharing  amounts.  If you do not get  prior authorization before 
an elective admission to a hospital  or certain other facilities, y ou may need to pay  all 
charges for services that do not  meet prior authorization requirements . 