2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  58 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Additional Covered Health Services and Programs  
 
First Choice Next provides coverage for additional covered health services  and programs. 
These covered health services  and programs are available to you as long as you are active 
on this policy . Some programs are only available to eligible members  based on a clinical 
assessment performed by our case management team. If your coverage ends under this 
policy , all incentives, memberships, vouchers, rewards, or benefits being provided will 
also end. Benefits provided are in addition to the benefits described in this policy  and 
certain terms and conditions may apply. The programs and their offerings are subject to change as we continue to improve your care experience. If you would like additional 
information on our current programs offered, contact the Member Services phone 
number on the back of your member ID card.  
 
Disease management or wellness programs  
First Choice Next has a case management team dedicated to supporting your 
medical, behavioral health, and social needs. It provides customized, integrated, person -centered care addressing all aspects of member  wellness. The case 
management team will assess your needs and may direct you to one of our disease management or wellness programs that provides education, support, and care 
coordination services. Member eligibility for these programs is determined by the  
case management team based on clinical assessment.  
 Healthy Rewards program 
First Choice Next makes available to you an optional Healthy Rewards program at no cost to you which allows you to earn incentives and rewards for completing 
different activities. Please note this is an incentive and rewards program and it does not offer a ny rebates, discounts, abatements or credits, or a reduction of 
premiums.  
 Optum Obstetrical Homecare program  
First Choice Next makes available to qualifying members the Optum Obstetrical Homecare program. This program is designed to provide ongoing education at 
various stages of pregnancy, identify warning signs of preterm labor through 
weekly physician -prescribe d assessments, and assist in the identification of high -
risk pregnancy conditions.  Homecare visits will be performed by an experienced 
nurse, and will include education and materials related to pregnancy, preterm labor, and high -risk pregnancy. The program includes access to 24/7 telephonic 