2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  6 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs.  
 A qualified non -governmental research entity identified in the guidelines 
issued by the National Institutes of Health for center support grants.  
 Any of the following if the conditions  for departments  are met:  
 The Department of Veterans Affairs.  
 The Department of Defense.  
 The Department of Energy.  
 
Conditions for Departments: The conditions described below , for a study or 
investigation conducted by a Department, are that the study or investigation 
has been reviewed and approved through a system of peer revie w that the 
Secretary determines:  
  To be comparable to the system of peer review of studies and 
investigations used by the National Institutes of Health, and  
  Assures unbiased review of the highest scientific standards by 
qualified individuals who have no interest in the outcome of the 
review.  
o The study or investigation is conducted under an investigational new drug 
application reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration.  
o The study or investigation is a drug trial tha t is exempt from having such an 
investigational new drug application.  
• Authorized representative  means:  
o A person to whom a covered person  has given express written consent to 
represent the covered person  in an appeal  or external review;  
o A person authorized by law to give  consent on behalf of  a covered person ; or 
o A family member  of the covered person  or the covered person's  treating health 
care professional  when the covered person  is unable to give consent.  
 
• Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)  — As defined by the most recent edition of the 
Diagnostic  and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) or the most recent 
edition of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health 
Problems.  
• Behavioral health — The diagnosis and treatment of a mental or behavioral disease, 
disorder, or condition listed in the most recent version of the Diagnostic and 
Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders  (DSM), as revised, or any other diagnostic 
coding system . This applies  whether or not the cause of the disease, disorder, or 