2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  5 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Definitions of Important Words Used i n This Document  
 
• Accident  or accidental injury  — Injury  or injuries for whic h you have  benefits . This 
means  accidental  bodily injury sustained by the insured person that is the direct 
cause of the loss. It is not caused by  disease or bodily infirmity or any other cause. 
It also occurs while the insurance is in force.  
 
• Adverse Benefit Determination — A determination by a health  benefit  plan  or its 
designee that an admission, availability of care, continued stay , or other health care 
service that is a covered benefit  has been reviewed. B ased on the information 
provided , the service : 
o Does not meet the health  benefit  plan 's requirements for medical necessity , 
suitability , health care setting, level of care, or effectiveness; or  
o  Is experimental or investigational  and involves a life -threatening or seriously 
disabling  condition. T he requested service or payment for the service is, 
therefore, denied, reduced, or ended . 
o  Will not be paid for by the  health benefit plan because  the member  is not  eligible  
to participate in a plan; or 
o  Coverage has been rescinded (whether or not the r escission has an adverse 
effect on any benefit at that time).  
• Al lowed amount  — The amount we pay a provider for a  covered health service 
provided to a  member. It is the lesser of the provider’s  charge or our maximum 
payment amount. If you need  to pay a coinsurance,  it is a percentage of the allowed 
amount.  
• Appeal  — A request to reconsider a determination not to certify an admission, 
procedure, extension of stay , or other health care service.  
• Approved clinical trials  — A phase I, phase II, phase III, or phase IV clinical trial that 
is conducted in relation to the prevention, detection, or treatment of cancer or 
other life -threatening disease or condition and is described in any of the following:  
o Federally funded trials  —The study or investigation is approved or funded (which 
may include funding through in -kind contributions) by one or more of the 
following:  
 The National Institutes of Health.  
 The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.  
 The Agency for Health Care Research and Quality.  
 The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.  
 Cooperative  group or center of any of the entities described above  or the 