2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  46 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   We will cover services needed to start  treatment and stabilize  your emergency medical 
condition. These services may include a hospital  or facility  charge, supplies, and relat ed 
professional services. If you are admitted to the hospital  from the emergency room, any 
applicable copay  for emergency room services will not apply. If you are admitted to an 
out-of-network  hospital  from the emergency room, you must notify us within 24 hours. 
When you are stabilized , we will transfer you by ambulance to the closest suitable  in-
network  hospital  or facility . Coverage will only apply if the condition meets the definition 
of an emergency medical condition , but you do not need to notify us in advance before 
seeking treatment for an emergency . Emergency services  and some post -stabilization 
services  received from an out -of-network provider  will be covered a t the in -network  
benefit level.  The out-of-network provider  cannot  bill you more than your in-network  
cost share.  Emergency services are covered without the need for prior authorization 
whether received from an in -network  or out-of-network provider . If emergency services 
are received from an out -of-network  provider , First Choice Next will not impose any 
administrative requirements or limitation on coverage that is more restrictive than the 
administrative requirements  or limitations on coverage for in-network providers .  
Family planning services  
Family planning services covered under this plan include : 
• Counseling and education about family planning  
• Injectable contraceptive medication given  by a physician  
• Intrauterine devices, including insertion and removal 
• Surgical sterilization (vasectomy, tubal ligation) contraceptive medications , if they  
are covered under your pharmacy benefit  
We will also cover any medically necessary  test for use of the prescribed contraceptive 
drug or device . Prior authorization may be neede d for certain family planning services.  
The following services are excluded from coverage under your policy . These  will not be 
covered:  
• Abortion, unless the abortion is needed  to save the life or health of the member, 
or as a result of incest or rape  
• Fetal reduction surgery  
• Infertility  
• Reversal of sterilization or vasectomies  
• Services related to surrogate parenting  