2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  28 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   qualify for a special enrollment period  or during the next open enrollment period.  
Reinstatement of coverage  
If the renewal premium is not paid before the grace period ends , the policy will lapse. 
Later acceptance of the premium by First Choice Next  or by an agent authorized to accept 
payment without requiring an application for reinstatement will reinstate the policy. If 
First Choice Next  or its agent needs  an application, the insured will be given a conditional 
receipt for the premium. If the application is approved, the policy will be reinstated as of the approval date. Lacking such approval, the policy will be reinstated on the 45th  day 
after the date of the conditional receipt. This will occur unless the First Choice Next has 
previously written the insured of its disapproval. The reinstated policy will cover only loss that comes  from : 
• An injury sustained after the date of reinstatement, or  
• Sickness that starts more than 10 days after such date  
 In all other ways,  the rights of the insured and First Choice Next will stay the same . They 
are subject to any provisions noted on or attached to the reinstated policy. Any premiums 
First Choice Next  accepts for reinstatement will be applied to a period for which premiums 
have not been paid. No premiums will be applied to any period more than 60 days before 
the reinstatement date.   
Certificate of creditable coverage  
We will give  you a certificate of creditable coverage when you or your dependents ’ 
coverage ends under this policy  or you r continuation of coverage  ends. K eep this 
certificate  in a safe place. You can also request a certificate of creditable coverage while 
you are still covered under this policy  and for up to 24 months after  your coverage  ends . 
To do so, call  Member Services at the number listed on your member ID card .
 
  