2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  22 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Eligibility and Termination  
To be eligible for coverage as a member in our health plan, you must:  
• Reside in our service area .  
• Not be enrolled in Medicare  or any other insurance policy, on your effective date of 
coverage with us. If we know o f your enrollment in Medicare  or any other policy,  
we will not issue a policy  to you. This provision does not apply to state medical 
assistance programs such as Medicaid.  
Eligible dependents  
The following persons may also be eligible to enroll as dependents  under this plan:  
• Your spouse or domestic partner, as recognized under the applicable marriage or 
civil union laws of South Carolina,  who lives  within the service area.  
o In the case of death of the subscriber, the spouse if covered under this policy 
will have the right to continue coverage previously given  by the policy  and 
exercise rights previously vested.  
• Your natural or legally adopted child . We will not deny enrollment of a child on the 
subscriber’s  health plan for any of the following reasons:  
o The child was born out of wedlock . 
o The child is not claimed as a dependent on the parent's federal income tax 
return.  
o The child does not reside with the parent or  in our service area . 
• Stepchildren. 
• Children awarded coverage through an administrative or court order . 
• Foster children. 
When they reach  the limiting age , nonhandicapped dependent children  are entitled to 
receive , without evidence of insurabili ty, an individual  policy of accident and health 
insurance. They will receive this policy  on applying  to First Choice Next within 30 days 
after  reaching  the limiting age  and paying  the policy’s premium. The  policy  will provide 
the coverage then being issued by First Choice Next that is closest to, but not greater 
than, the ended  coverage. Any probationary or waiting period set forth in t his policy  will 
be met to the extent coverage was in force under the prior policy .  
If you have a child with a mental, physical , or developmental disability who is incapable 