2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  16 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   employed, owned, or operated by our health plan. 
• Out- of-pocket costs  — See the definition for c ost-sharing  above. A member’s cost -
sharing  need  to pay for a portion of services or drugs received or any deductible  
amount is also called  the member’s  out-of-pocket cost requirement.  
• Out- of-pocket maximum amount  — The most you pay out -of-pocket during the 
calendar year for in -network  covered health services . It includes deductibles  and 
any cost -sharing amounts you have  paid . Amounts you pay for your premiums  do 
not count toward the out-of-pocket  maximum amount . 
• Pap test — An examination of the tissues of the cervix of the uterus to  detect cancer 
when performed on the recommendation of a medical doctor. This test  may  be 
made once a year or  more often  if recommended by a  medical doctor. 
• Partial hospitalization — Services received from a free standing or hospital -based 
program that provides services at least 20 hours per week and continuous 
treatment for at least three hours , but no more than 12 hours per 24  hours . 
• Participating provider  — A provider  who  has an agreement  with an insurer , or with 
an insurer's  contractor or subcontractor, to provide health care services  to covered 
persons . In return , the provider receives direct or indirect payment from the 
insurer . This  payment does not include  coinsurance , copayments , or deductibles . 
This provider  also agrees to accept the payment and any member  cost -sharing  as a 
full payment.  
• Physician  — A person duly licensed (other than an intern, resident, or house 
physician) as a medical doctor, dentist, oral surgeon, podiatrist, osteopath, 
chiropractor, optometrist, ophthalmologist, physician assistant or licensed doctoral psychologist legally entitled to practic e within the scope of their  license . A physician  
normally bills for their  services.  
• Placement for adoption or being placed for adoption — The assumption and 
retention by a person of a legal obligation for total or partial support of a child with 
intention to adopt the  child.  The child’s placement with a person ends when  such 
legal obligations  end. 
• Plan year  — This is typically a calendar year. However,  if your  initial effective date  
is other than January 1, your initial plan year  will be less than 12  months . It will then  
start on the effective date and run through December 31 of the same year.  
• Policy  — The document that describes the agreements between the health benefit  
plan  and the member . Your policy  includes this document, the Schedule of Benefits , 
your application, and any amendments or riders . Sometimes your policy  is called a 
contract.  
• Premium — The periodic payment to First Choice Next  or another  health care plan 
for health and/or prescription drug coverage.  