2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  2 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Policy Number: _____________________  
Thank you for choosing to enroll for coverage with  Select Health of South 
Carolina, Inc.! When this Evidence of Coverage  document says “ we,” “us,” 
“our,” “health plan ,” or “plan,” it means Select Health of South Carolina, Inc.   
It also means the health plan that Select Health  operates, known as First 
Choice Next . When it says “ you,” “your ,” or “yours,” it mean s the subscriber  
and any eligible dependents .  
 
This document is your contract with us. Sometimes we call it  a “policy.”  It 
outlines what health care services and prescription drugs your insurance 
covers . It lists the amount you will need to pay toward their costs during the 
period of your policy. It explains how to get coverage for health care services  
and prescription drugs you need. Please read this document carefully. K eep 
it in a safe place.  If you are not satisfied, return the policy  to our agent or us 
within 10 days after you receive it. However, if we provide you with this policy  
directly, you can return the policy within 30 days from the date you receive  
the policy . All premiums  paid will be refunded, less claims paid and the policy 
will be considered null and void from the effective date.   
 
We use a network  of participating providers  to provide services for you. We 
will not cover services you receive  from out-of-network providers  except in 
limited cases describ ed elsewhere in this document. Participating physicians , 
hospitals,  and other health care p roviders  are independent contractors. They 
are neither  our agents nor employees. The availability of any provider  cannot 
be guaranteed. O ur provider  network  is also subject to change.  
 
Benefits , copayments , deductible,  or coinsurance  may change  on renewal of 
this policy . The health plan’s formulary , pharmacy network , and/or provider  
network  may change at any time. Member s will receive advance notice of 
these changes when applicable. 
 
Guaranteed Renewable  
Guaranteed renewable means t his policy  will renew on the policy’s 
anniversary date of January 1 of each year , at your option,  if you pay the 
needed  premium . The policy  will not renew if it is ended  earlier by you or by 
us, as described elsewhere in this document.  Reasons for non -renewal of 