2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  15 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   o Within generally accepted standards of medical care  in the community  
o Not only  for the convenience of the insured, the insured’s family, or the provider  
For medically necessary  services, nothing in this subsection precludes an insurer  
from comparing the cost -effectiveness of alternative services or suppli es when 
determining which  services or supplies will be covered.  
• Member  (member  of our health plan, or “ health plan member ”) — A person who 
is eligible to receive covered health services  after their enrollment has been 
confirmed and any needed  premium has been paid. Member s include  the 
subscriber and any dependents .  
• Network  or in-network  — Health care professional s, medical groups, hospitals , and 
other health care  facilities , and  providers  who  have agreed to give covered health 
services  to our members . They also have agree d to accept our payment and any 
cost -sharing  the member pays as full payment.  
• Network  or in-network  pharmacy — A pharmacy that has an agreement with our 
health benefit plan to provide prescription drugs and other items to our members.  
In most cases, your prescriptions are covered only if they are filled at one of our 
network pharmacies . 
• Network  or in-network  provider  or network/i n-network facility  — Provider s who 
have an agreement with our health plan to provide covered services to our members  and to accept our payment  and any member  cost-share  as a full payment. 
Our health plan pays network providers  based on the agreements we have with 
them . Network providers  may also be called  health plan providers . 
• Network plan health  — Insurance coverage of a health insurance issuer  under 
which the financing and delivery of medical care , including items and services paid 
for as medical care , are given , in whole or in part, through a defined set of providers 
under contract with the issuer . 
• Nurse  — T he t itle of  nurse  is restricted to a type of nurse , such as registered 
graduate professional nurse  (RN), a licensed practical nurse  (LPN), or a licensed 
vocational nurse  (LVN).  
• Out- of-network pharmacy  — A pharmacy that does not  have a n agreement  with 
our health plan to provide covered prescriptions or other items to  our members . 
Under this Evidence of Coverage, most drugs you get fr om out-of-network 
pharmacies  are not covered by our health plan unless certain conditions apply.  
• Out- of-network provider or out-of-network facility  — A provider  or facility  that 
does not have an agreement  with us  to coordinate or provide covered services to 
members  of our health plan. T hey have also not agreed to accept our payment and 
any member  cost-share as  a full payment . Out-of-network providers  are not 