2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  48 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   spiritual needs of a terminally ill patient  and helps support  the immediate family. Services 
will be covered when recommended by a physician  and received from a suitably licensed 
hospice agency or inpatient hospice  program. Hospice  care services are limited to six  
months of care per episode . 
Hospital services  
This plan covers inpatient hospital services  and physician  and surgical services for 
treatment of an illness or injury  and associated services and supplies for this care , 
including anesthesia , subject to prior authorization. Treatment may need  inpatient 
services when they can not be adequately provided on an outpatient basis.  
This plan also covers outpatient hospital services  for diagnosis and treatment, including 
certain surgical procedures.  
Outpatient hospital services  for emergency  care are covered per the emergency services  
section above.   
Lymphedema services  
We will cover services related to the diagnosis, evaluation, and treatment of 
lymp hedema. This coverage includes  medically necessary  equipment, supplies, complex 
decongestive therapy, gradient compression garme nts, and self -management training 
and education.  
Mastectomy and breast cancer reconstruction  
Benefits are provided for mastectomy and breast reconstruction done  in an inpatient or 
outpatient setting for the following  when found to be medically necessary  by the 
member’s attending physician, subject to the approval of First Choice Next : 
• All stages of reconstruction of the breast on which the mastectomy has been 
performed.  
• Surgery and reconstruction of the non -diseased  breast to produce symmetrical 
appearance.  
• Prostheses and treatment of physical complications of all stages of mastectomy, 
including lymphedemas.  
Inpatient discharge decisions following mastectomy procedures will be made by the attending physician in discussion  with the patient. Length of post -mastectomy inpatient 
stays are based on the unique needs  of each patient, considering  their health and medical 
history. Your policy gives  hospitalization coverage for 48 hours after your mastectomy. You 
may be released before  the 48 -hour coverage ends, if your attending physician deems the 