2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  20 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   o A home or facility  for the aged or for the care of substance use disorders ; or 
o A home or facility  primarily used for the care and treatment of mental diseases, 
or disorders, or custodial or educational care.  
• Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care  — Skilled nursing care and rehabilitation services  
provided  continuously and daily in a skilled nursing facility . Examples of SNF care 
include physical therapy or intravenous injections that can only be given by a 
registered nurse or doctor.  
• Special enrollment period  — An opportunity to enroll in a health plan outside of 
the annual open enrollment period  based on specific qualifying events , such as 
birth, adoption, divorce, or marriage . 
• Stabilize  — To provide medical care  suitable  to prevent a material deterioration of 
the person's condition, within reasonable medical chance , per the Health Care 
Financing Administration  (HCFA ) interpretative guidelines, policies, and regulations 
for responsibilities of hospitals  in emergency cases . These  are as provided under 
the Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act, section 1867 of the Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C.S. § 1395dd . They include  medically necessary  services and supplies 
to maintain stabilization until the person is transferred.  
• Step therapy  — A pharmacy management tool that requires  you to first try another 
drug to treat your medical condition before we will cover the drug your provider  
may have prescribed.  
• Subscriber  — The covered person  who is properly enrolled under this policy  and on 
whose behalf this policy  is issued. It does not include  dependents . 
• Urgent care services  — Services  to treat a nonemergency, unforeseen medical 
illness, injury, or condition that need s immediate medical care . Urgent  care  services  
may be furnished by network providers  or out-of-network providers  when you 
can’t reach an  in-network provider . 
• Utilization Review  — A system for reviewing the necessary, suitable , and efficient 
allocation of health care resources and services given or proposed to be given to a patient or a group of patients.  We use a  set of formal techniques to monitor the use 
of or evaluate the clinical necessity, suitability , efficacy or efficiency of health care 
services , procedures, providers , or facilities. These techniques may include:  
o Ambulatory review - Utilization review  of outpatient services . 
o Case management  - A coordinated set of activities  for individual patient 
management of serious, complicated, protracted, or other health conditions.  
o Certification - A decision  by an insurer  or its designated Utilization Review 
Organization  (URO) that an admission, availability of care, continued stay, or 
other service has been reviewed and, based on the information provided, 