2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  24 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   You will typically enroll in a plan during the annual enrollment period. This period  
generally runs from November 1  through December 15  each year. During this period,  you 
can also choose to change your health plan.  
If you have a change in circumstances, you may be eligible for a special enrollment period  
within 60 days o f that event  per with South Carolina and federal law and regulation . 
Events that may qualify for a special enrollment period  include:  
• Birth or legal adoption of a child  
• Marriage  
• Loss of other health insurance coverage  
• New loss of, or eligibility for, federal subsidy programs  
• Change in your permanent address  
• Placement of  a foster child  
Enrolling dependents  
Dependents who have  a qualifying event as defined by state and federal law can be 
enrolled in  our health plan outside of the open enrollment period . They can enroll  during 
a special enrollment period . A dependent who become s aware of a qualifying event may 
enroll during the 60 calendar days before or after the effective date of the event . 
However,  coverage will not  start before  the day of the qualifying e vent . If a dependent is 
not enrolled when they first become eligible, the dependent must wait until the next 
open enrollment period to enroll, unless they enroll under  the special enrollment period . 
This requirement  is waived when a parent needs  to enroll a child due to an administrative 
or a court order. Eligibility for your dependent child  will last until the end of the calendar 
year that the child turns 26.   
You must submit an enrollment application asking for  coverage for dependents  who 
become eligible after the original policy  effective date. You will need to provide any 
premium that may be due. You may also need to provide  any documentation to show the 
effective date of the qualifying event with the application.  You will be notified of coverage 
approval, the premium amount, and the effective date of coverage for the dependent. 
A newborn dependent child of the subscriber  is automatically covered for the first 30 
days of life.  Coverage includes  services due to injury or sickness, needed  care and 
treatment of medically diagnosed congenital defects and birth abnormalities, and routine 
care given  any infant from the moment of birth. If you want to continue enrollment of the 
newborn beyond the 31st day, y ou will need to enroll the newborn within 31 days of the 
date of birth.   