2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  79 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   our medical record -keeping policies . 
• Get a current directory of network provider s on request . The directory includes 
addresses, phone  numbers, and a listing of provider s who speak languages other 
than English. 
• File a complaint  or appeal  about the health plan or care provided with the 
applicable regulatory agency and receive an answer from the health benefit plan  to 
those complaints  within a reasonable period of time . 
• Appeal  a decision to deny or limit coverage through an independent organization. 
The member  also has the right to know that their  provider  cannot be penalized for 
filing a complaint  or appeal on the member ’s behalf . 
• Member s with chronic disabilities have the right to get  help  and referrals to  
provider s who are experienced in treating their disabilities . 
• Have candid discussions of suitable  or medically necessary  treatment options for 
their  condition, regardless of cost or benefits  coverage, in terms that the member  
understands . This includes an explanation of their medical condition, recommended 
treatment, risks of treatment, expected results, and reasonable medical 
alternatives . If the member  is unable to easily understand this information, they  
have the right to have an explanation provided to their  designated representative 
and documented in the member ’s medical record . The plan does not direct 
providers  to restrict information regarding treatment options . 
• Have available and accessible services when medically necessary , including 
availability of care 24 hours a day, seven days a week, for urgent and emergency  
medical conditions . 
• Call 911 in a potentially life -threatening situation without prior approval from the 
plan . A member has the right  to have the plan pay per contract for a medical 
screening in the emergency  room to find  whether an emergency medical condition  
exists . 
• Continue getting  services from a provider  who has been terminated from the plan’s 
network  (without cause) in the time frames as outlined. T his continuity of care  
allowance  does not apply if the provider  is terminated for reasons that would 
endanger the member , public health , or safety, or that relate to  a breach of contract 
or fraud . 
• Have the rights afforded to member s by law or regulation as a patient in a licensed 
health care facility , including the right to refuse medication and treatment after 