2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  37 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   • Psychiatric inp atient ho spitalizat ion 
• Psychological testing  
Behavioral health services that do not need  authorization  
• Diagnostic assessment  
• Medication -assisted treatment (MAT)  
• Mental health or substance dependence assessment  
• Outpatient  psychiatric, substance use disorder, and medication 
management services not otherwise specified as needing  prior 
authorization. For specific services please have your provider refer 
to the Prior Authorization Lookup Tool on the PA section of our p lan 
website.  
Utilization Management  
We use our Utilization Management program to help ensure you get  suitable , affordable, 
and high -quality care that adds  to your wellness. Our Utilization Management prog ram 
focuses on b oth the medical necessity  and the outcome of physical and behavioral health  
services, using prospective, concurrent, and retrospective reviews. For all decisions, we 
use documented clinical review criteria  based on sound clinical evidence . We  periodically 
evaluate the evidence  to ensure ongoing efficacy. We obtain all information needed  to 
make utilization review  decisions, including pertinent clinical information. A provider  can 
ask for a review for the insured.  Retrospective review includes  the review of claims for 
emergency services  to find whether the applicable prudent layperson legal standards 
have been met.  
 
We will:  
• Routinely assess the effectiveness and efficiency of our utilization review  program.  
• Coordinate the u tilization review  program with our other medical management 
activities. These include quality assurance, credentialing, provider  contracting, data 
reporting, grievance  procedures, processes for assessing satisfaction of covered 
persons , and risk management.  
• Give  covered persons  and their providers access to our review staff via a toll -free 
phone number or collect call whenever any provider  needs to give  services that may 
need  prior certification or authorization to any plan  member . The department’s 
clinical staff and medical directors are available and accessible to all providers  and 
members  from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, with the exception 