2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  82 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
    
Non discrimination  
First Choice Next  does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, 
disability, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information, or health 
status in the administration of the plan, including enrollment functions and benefit 
determination s. race; color; religion; sex; age; national origin; ancestry; nationality; 
citizenship; alienage; marital, domestic partnership, or civil union status; affectional or sexual orientation; physical ability; pregnancy (including childbirth,  lactation, and related 
medical conditions); cognitive, sensory, or mental disability; HIV status; military or 
veteran status; whistleblower status (when applicable under federal or state law 
depending on the locality and circumstances); gender identity and/ or expression; genetic 
information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing); or any other category 
protected by federal, state, or local laws.  
Continuation of benefit limit s 
Some of the benefits  in this policy  may be limited to a specific number of visits and/or 
subject to a deductible . You will not be entitled to any more  benefits  if your coverage 
status should change during the year. All benefits  used under your previous coverage 
status will be applied toward your new coverage status.  
Protected health information (PHI)  
Your health information is personal. We are committed to do ing everything we can to 
protect it. Your privacy is also important to us. We have policies and procedures in place to protect your health records.  
We protect all oral, written , and electronic PHI. We follow Health Insurance Portability 
and Accountability Act (HIPAA) requirements and have a Notice of Privacy Practices. We need  to notify you about these practices every year. Our Notice of Privacy Practices  
describes how your medical information may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully. If you have questions or would like 
the full notice,  visit https://www.firstchoicenext.com/privacy -notice.aspx . Or yo
u can call 
Member  Services at 1- 833-983-7272  to request a paper copy .  
Our re lationship with provider s 
Network providers are not our agents or employees. We do not provide health care 
services  or supplies. We also do not  practice medicine. Instead, we arrange for health 
care providers  to participate in our network , and we pay  benefits . Network providers  
are independent providers  who run their own offices and facilities. We are not liable for 
any act or omission of any provide r. 