2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  55 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   We cover office visits for primary care and/or to treat an injury or illness.  
Radiation therapy — outpatient  
We cover radiation oncology treatment received as an outpatient at a hospital  or other 
facility . Covered health services  include facility  charges and charges for related supplies 
and equipment and physician  services related to  covered health services . 
Rehabilitation services  
Medically necessary services for rehabilitation , including speech, language, occupational, 
and physical therapy ; cardiac rehabilitation ; and pulmonary rehabilitation,  must be 
ordered b y a physician and given  by suitably licensed medical personnel. We will de cide if 
the service is covered by reviewing both the skilled nature of the service and the need for 
physician management. We cover semi -private room and board, services, and supplies 
given  during an inpatient stay in an inpatient rehabilitation facility . Rehabilitation 
services  may also be provided on an outpatient basis .  
Covered health services  also include chiropractic manipulative treatment with or without 
ancillary physiologic treatment and/or rehabilitative methods to restore or improve 
motion, reduce pain, and improve function . This applies  when a network  chiropractor 
finds that the services are medically necessary  to treat or diagnose neuromusculoskeletal 
disorders on an outpatient basis.  
The following are specifically excluded from chiropractic care and osteopathic services:  
• Charges for care no t given in an office setting   
• Infusi on therapy or chelation therapy   
• Services of a chiropractor or osteopath that are not within their scope of practice, as 
defined by state law  
• Maintenance or preventive treatment consisting of routine, long -term, or not 
medically necessary  care given  to prevent reoccurrences or to maintain the pati ent’s 
current status   
• Manipulation under anesthesia   
• Vitamin or supplement therapy  
Please see the Schedule of Benefits  for more  information and any limits.  
Routine foot care  
We cover medically necessary routine foot care including but not limited to treatment of 
diabetes, metabolic disorders, neurologic disorders, and peripheral vascular disease. 