2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  7 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   condition is physical, chemical, or mental in nature or origin.  
• Benefit period  — One calendar year or plan year , applied  per the terms of the 
member’s  plan. However, when a member  is initially enrolled, the benefit period  
will be the date of enrollment through the end of the then -current calendar year. 
• Benefits  — Your right to payment for covered health services  under this policy . 
• Brand name drug  — A prescription drug  made  and sold by the pharmaceutical 
company that first  researched and developed the drug. Brand name  drugs have the 
same active -ingredient formula as the generic  version of the drug. However, generic 
drugs  are made and sold by other drug makers . These drugs are generally not 
available until after the patent on the brand name drug  has expired.  
• Center of Excellence — A Center of Excellence is a team, shared facility , or entity  
that provides leadership, best practices, research, support, and/or training in a focus  
area. First Choice Next  evaluates transplant programs throughout the U.S. First 
Choice Next  only includes transplant programs that meet our strict Center  of 
Excellence criteria in our network . We annually re -evaluate programs to ensure the 
network  maintains its care standards .  
• Clinical peer — A health care professional who holds an unrestricted license in a 
state of the United States, in the same or similar specialty. A clinical peer  routinely 
provides health care services  subject to utilization review . 
• Clinical Review Criteria  — T he written screening procedures, decision abstracts, 
clinical protocols, and practice guidelines used by an  insurer  to decide  the necessity 
and suitability  of health care services and supplies . They are  based on sound clinical 
evidence that is periodically evaluated to ensure ongoing efficacy.  
• Coinsurance  — A percentage of the allowed amount  you need  to pay for covered 
health services and prescription drugs . A copayment is not a coinsurance . 
Copayment  is defined elsewhere in this policy . 
• Complaint  — The formal name for making a complaint is filing a grievance . The 
complaint  process is only used for certain types of problems. These  include 
problems related to quality of care, waiting times, and the customer service you 
receive . (See “Grievance,” in this list of definitions .) Complaints  do not involve 
coverage or payment disputes . Those types of disputes are addressed through the 
appeals  process. (See “ Appeal ” in this list of definitions.)  
• Complication of pregnancy — M edical conditions whose diagnoses are separate 
from pregnancy . They may be caused or made more serious by pregnancy . They may 
also put the mother's life or health in jeopardy or mak e a live birth less viable.   
Examples include:  