2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  56 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Routine foot care that is determined to be cosmetic is excluded from coverage and will 
not be covered.  
Skilled nursing facility services  
We will cover facility  and professional services in a skilled nursing facility  when found to 
be medically necessary . We cover skilled nursing facility  admissions when:  
• Covered services  do not include custodial, domiciliary care, or long -term care 
admissions.  
• Covered services  are of a temporary nature and supported by a treatment plan.  
• The admission is ordered by the covered person’s  attending physician . We need  
written confirmation from the physician  that skilled care is needed . 
• The skilled nursing facility  is a n etwork provider . 
Specialist visits 
We cover o ffice visits for specialty care services, such as dermatologist and podiatrist visits.  
Transplant services  
We will cover organ and tissue transplants when ordered by a p hysician , approved 
through prior authorization , and when the transplant meets the definition of a covered 
health service ( and is not an ex perimental, investigational, or unproven service ). We may 
need  the transplant s ervices provided at a Center of Excellence facility . Covered 
transplant services include services related to donor search and acceptability testing of 
potential live donors. When the recipient is a  member  under this  policy , both the recipient 
and the donor are entitled to  covered health services , including services reasonably 
related to the organ removal. We do not cover organ donor expenses for a recipient other 
than a member  enrolled on the same family policy . Reasonable costs for travel and lodging 
may be reimbursed for a covered transplant based on our guidelines . You can ask for these 
guidelines  from us.  
Urgent care services  
Covered health services  include medically necessary services  by a network provider , 
including approved facility costs and supplies.  Your preventive health care services  
benefits  with $0 cost -sharing may not be used at an urgent care center. You should first 
contact your PCP  for an office visit before seeking care from another network provider , 
but you can use an  in-network  urgent c are center when a visit with your PCP  is not  
available.  
Virtual care  services  