2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  76 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   on your member ID card . You must sign the claim form before we will issue payment to 
a provider  or reimburse you for covered services received under this policy . You must 
complete a claim form for services given  by an out-of-network provider and submit it, 
together with an itemized bill and proof of payment, to First Choice  Next , 200 Stevens 
Drive, Philadelphia, PA 19113 .  
Reimbursement  
Reimbursement will be made only for covered services received in accordance with the 
provisions of this p olicy . If you need  to make payment other than a neede d copayment , 
deductible , or coinsurance  amount at the time covered services are given , we will ask 
that your provider  reimburse you, or we will reimburse you by check.  
Claim forms  
When we receive the notice of claim, we will direct you to where you can access a claim 
form for filing a proof of loss or send you a claim form by mail if you ask for  it. If these 
forms are not given to you within 15 days, you will meet the proof of loss requirements 
by giving First Choice Next  a written statement of the nature and extent of the loss within 
the time limits stated in the Proofs of Loss section.   
All claims submitted by your provider  will be submitted  on a uniform form or format . This 
form or format  shall be developed by the Department  and approved by the 
Commissioner , whether submitted in writing or electronically.  
Proofs of loss  
Written proof of loss must b e given to First Choice Next  for which this policy provides any 
periodic payment , dependent on continuing loss within 90  days after the end of each 
period for which the First Choice Next is liable. For any other loss, written proof must be 
given within 90 days after such loss. If it was not reasonably possible to give written proof 
in the time neede d, First Choice Next  may not reduce or deny the claim for this reason if 
the proof is filed as soon as reasonably possible. The neede d proof must be given no later 
than one year from the ti me specified unless the claimant was legally incapacitated.  
Time of payment of claims  
After receiving a claim form and written proof of loss, we will pay monthly all benefits 
then due for the term of this policy . We will direct the issuance of a check or an 
electronic funds transfer in payment for a clean claim that is submitted via paper within 40 business days, and within 20 business days for a clean claim that is submitted 
electronically , following the later of First Choice Next’s receipt of the claim or the date 
on which First Choice Next  is in receipt of all information needed and in a format 
required for the claim to constitute a clean claim and is in receipt of all documentation 
which may be requested by an insurer w hich is reasonably needed by us : 