2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  27 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   policy  after the  policy  becomes effective unless the individual has performed an act, 
practice, or omission that constitutes fraud or makes an intentional misrepresentation of 
material fact, as prohibited by the terms of this policy . 
Payment of premiums  
Coverage will not begin until the initial premium payment is made. Each premium  
payment is to be paid on or before its due date. First Choice Next will provide you at least 
31 days’ prior written notice of any premium rate increases from the date the increase 
becomes effective.  
Premium payments are due in advance for each calendar month. Monthly payments are 
due on or before the first day of each month for coverage for that month. We will give  
you notice of any premiums due at least 10 days before  the due date. No premium  is 
considered past due unless we have given you this notice. After  paying your first 
premium, you will have a grace period after the next premium due date  to pay  your next  
premium. This policy  has a 31 -day grace period  for those not receiving a federal premium 
tax credi t (Advanc e Premium Tax Credit) and 3 consecutive months for those receiving a 
federal premium subsidy . This means that if a renewal premium is not paid on or before 
the date it is due, it may be paid during the following 31 days. During the grace period , 
the policy will stay in force.  If we don’t receive full payment of your premium within the 
grace period, w e will send you a second notice  of such payment delinquency . This notice 
will advise that your coverage will end as of the last day of the last month for which a 
premium has been pai d within 10  days of your coverage ending . We will also notify you 
of the nonpayment of premium and pending termination. We will also notify you of the 
coverage ending  if we have not received the premium within the grace period.   
For those receiving a federal premium subsidy, we will still pay for all suitable  claims  
during the first month of the grace period, but may pend claims for services received in 
the second and third months of the grace period. We will also notify the subscriber  of the 
nonpayment of premiums . We will notify  the Department of  Health and Human Services  
of payment delinquency  and any providers  of the possibility of claims being denied when 
the member  is in the second and third months of the ir grace period , if applicable. We will 
continue to collect federal premium subsidies from the U.S. Department of the Treasury  
for the subscriber  and any enrolled dependents . If the delinquent premiums amounts are 
not paid by the end of the 3 consecutive month gra ce period, First Choice Next will end 
your enrollment  through the Exchange . In this instance,  we will return subsidies for the 
second and third m onth s of the grace period at  the end of the grace period . This will occur  
if the premium amount owed is not paid and coverage ends for the subscriber  and any 
dependents . A subscriber  cannot enroll again once coverage ends this way , unless they 