2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  40 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
    
If we certify or authorize a health care service, we will notify the  member  and the  
member’s  provider . For an Adverse B enefit Determination , we will notify the member’s  
provider  and send written or electronic confirmation of the Adverse B enefit  
Determination  to the member . For concurrent reviews, we will be responsible for health 
care services  until  the member  has been notified of the Adverse  Benefit  Determination . 
In other words,  decertification does not become effective until notice is given  to the 
covered person . For retrospective reviews, we will notify your provider  in writing of our 
decision. If we deny the service as a result of the review, we will send written notice to 
both you and your provider  after the decision  is made . We remain responsible for health 
care services  until you have been notified of the A dverse Benefit Determination . We will 
notify you orally or in writing.   
 
To get prior authorization or verify requirements for inpatient or outpatient services, 
including which other types of facility  admissions need  prior authorization, you or your 
provider  can call us at 1- 833- 983-7272. 
 
Cost -sharing needs  
In addition to the monthly premium, the amount you will have to pay for covered health 
services  may include a deductible , coinsurance , and copayments . First Choice Next 
negotiates rates with providers for covered health services  under this policy . Our 
contract with network providers  for covered health services  may be at a disc ounted rate 
of payment. If so,  your deductible and cost -sharing  amounts will be based on the 
discounted rate of payment. Your specific cost -sharing  amounts may differ for various 
servi ces and can be found in your Schedule of Benefits . 
• A copayment  or copay  is your share of the cost for covered services or prescription 
drugs that you pay as a set dollar amount.  
• Coinsurance  is your share of the cost for covered services or prescription drugs that 
you pay, usually shown as a percentage  of the allowed amount for a covered health 
service. 
• The out-of-pocket  maximum amount is the most you may  pay out of pocket during 
the year for covered services. This does not include any amounts you pay for  
premiums . 
• Your deductible  is the amount you will have to pay each year for covered services 
before the health plan begins to pay.  Any coinsurance or copayment  amounts will 