2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  12 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   • Habilitative services  — Health care services  that help you keep, learn, or improve 
skills and functioning for daily living. These services may include physical and 
occupational, speech, and language therapy, and other services for people with 
disabilities in inpatient or outpatient settings.  
• Health benefit plan/health insurance coverage  — A policy , contract, or certificate 
issued by a health plan that provides benefits for  medical care  given  directly, 
through insurance or reimbursem ent, or otherwise. It includes  items and services 
paid for as medical care  under any hospital  or medical service policy  or certificate, 
hospital  or medical service plan contract, or health maintenance organization 
contract offered by a health insurance issuer, except:  
o Coverage only for accident or disability income insurance or any combination of 
accident and disability income insurance  
o Coverage issued as a su pplement to liability insurance  
o Liability insurance, including general liability insurance and  automobile liability 
insurance  
o Workers' co mpensation or similar insurance  
o Autom obile medical payment insurance  
o Credit -only insurance  
o Coverage for on -site medical clinics  
o Other similar insurance coverage specified in regulations under which benefits 
for medical care are secondary or incidental to other insurance benefits  
• Health care professional/health care provider/provider  — A physician , dentist, 
facility, or other person properly licensed, where needed , to furnish health care 
services .  
• Health care services  — Services provided for the diagnosis, prevention, treatment, 
cure, or relief of a health condition, illness, injury, or disease.  
• Health plan /health insurance issuer/issuer  — A n entity that provides health 
insurance coverage  in this s tate. It is also an insurance company, a health 
maintenance organization, and any other entity providing health insurance 
coverage  that is licensed to engage in the  business of insurance in this s tate and 
subject to state insurance regulation.  
• Home health aide — A person who p rovides services that do not need the skills of 
a licensed nurse  or therapist. Examples include  help with personal care (e.g., 
bathing, using the toilet, dressing, or prescribed exercis ing). Home health aides  do 
not have a nursing license or provide therapy.  
• Home health care  — Health care services  given  to the member  in the home for 