2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  75 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Claims and Reimbursement  
Claims  
First Choice  Next  is not liable under this policy unless proper notice is given  to us by you 
or someone authorized to act  on your behalf that c overed services have been given  to a 
member.  
Network provider  claims  
The network provider  is responsible for filing all claims in a timely manner. You will not 
be responsible for any claim that is not filed on a timely basis by a network provider . If 
you provide your insurance card to a network provider  at the time of service, the provider  
will bill us directly for claims you have. If covered, we will reimburse your provider  
directly. Claims will be paid in accordance with state law.  
Out- of-network provider  claims  
For out-of-network  services to be covered, prior authorization  must be obtained before  
the service being given  unless described elsewhere in this document.  You or your 
provider  need  to give notice of any claim for services given  by an out-of-network 
provider . No payment will be made for any c laims filed by a member  for services rendered 
by an out-of-network provider  unless you give written notice of such a claim to First 
Choice  Next  within 180 days of the date of service.  Failure to submit a claim within the 
time needed does not invalidate or reduce any claim if it was not reasonably possible for 
you to file the claim within that time. This will apply  provided the claim is submitted as 
soon as reasonably possible and in no event, except in the absence of legal capacity of 
the member , later than one year from the time submittal of the claim is otherwise 
needed.  
Notice of claim  
Written notice of claim must be given within 20 days after a covered loss starts or as soon as reasonably possible. The notice may be given to First Choice  Next at our home 
office  or our agent. Notice should include the name of the insured and the policy 
number.  If you have a disability for which benefits may be payable for at least two years, 
at least once every six months after you have  given notice of claim, you  shall give First 
Choice  Next  notice that the disability has continued. You  need not do this i f legally 
incapacitated. The first six months after any filing of proof by you  or any payment or 
denial of a claim by First Choice  Next will not be counted in applying this provision. If 
you delay  in giving this notice, your right to any benefits for the six months before the 
date when you give  notice will not be impaired . 
To get a claim form for giving  notice of a claim, please call us at the phone number listed 