2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  17 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   • Primary care provider  (PCP)  — The doctor or other provider  you see first for most 
health problems. This provider can be  a physician  in family medicine, general 
medicine, internal medicine,  or pediatric medicine. They can also be an  advanced 
practice nurse , certified nurse  practitioner , or physician’s  assistant . They  make sure 
you get the care you need for your best health. They  may also talk with other health 
care providers  about your care and refer you to them.  
• Prior authorization  — Approval in advance to get certain services or drugs. These 
drugs that may or may not be in our formulary . Some  in-network  medical services 
are covered only if your in -network provider  gets prior authorization from your 
health benefit plan . 
• Prosthetics and orthotics  — M edical devices ordered by your health care provider . 
Covered items include, but are not limited to : 
o Arm, back, and neck braces  
o Artificial eyes  
o Artificial limbs  
o Devices needed to replace an internal body part or function, including ostomy 
supplies and enteral a nd parenteral nutrition therapy  
o Prostheses following a mastectomy   
• Provider  — A general term we use for doctors, other health care professionals , 
hospitals , and health care facilities licensed or certified under state laws or the laws 
of another state to provide health care services .  
• Qualified Health Plan  — A health insurance plan that is certified by the Health 
Insurance Marketplace, provides  essential  h ealth  benefits  (E HBs), follows 
established limits on cost sharing, and meets other requirements outlined within 
the application process.  
• Q uantity limits  — A tool to limit the use of selected drugs for quality, safety, or 
utilization reasons. Drugs may be limited by the amount  we cover per prescription 
or for a defined period of time.  
• Rescission of coverage — A cancellation or discontinuance of coverage that has 
retroactive effect. For example, a cancellation that treats a policy as void from the 
time of the individual's enrollment is a rescission. As another example, a cancellation that voids benefits paid up to a year before the cancellation is also a rescission for this purpose. A cancellation or discontinuance of coverage is not a rescission if : 
o The cancellation or discontinuance of coverage has only a prospective effect;  
o The cancellation or discontinuance of coverage is effective retroactively, to the extent it is attributable to a failure to timely pay required premiums or 