2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  52 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) Drugs & Biologics Compendium ; (2) The Thomson  
Micromedex DrugDex ®, (3) The Elsevier Gold Standard's Clinical Pharmacology; or (4) any 
other authoritative compendia as recognized by the United States Secretary of Health and 
Human Services.  
Our PBM may also use certain tools to help ensure your safety and that you get  the most 
suitable  medication at the lowest cost to you. These tools include step therapy , quantity 
limits , and prior authorization. You can learn more about these tools and the medications 
they are use d for  in our formulary  and your Schedule of Benefits . Quantity limits  will be 
waived in some cases  during a state of emergency  or disaster.  
Your pharmacy formulary  is a closed  formulary. This means  products not listed on the  
formulary  are treated as non -formulary  and will not be covered by your health benefit 
plan . It is possible there is a prescription drug you are currently taking, or one that you and 
your provider think you should be taking, that is not i n our formulary list.  You can still ask 
for d rugs not on the formulary , including drugs that have not been reviewed for inclusion 
in the formulary . Our PBM’s coverage determination and prior authorization process 
allow  the chance  for non-formulary exceptions.  
To ask for coverage of a non -formulary drug, you, your authorized representative , or your 
prescribing provider may call us at 1- 833-779-7229  for members or 1- 877-472-7979 for 
providers . Or you may  fill out the submission form at 
https://www.firstchoicenext.com/assets/pdf/provider/resources/forms/prior -
authorization -request -form -rx.pdf . You can also ask  y our provider to fax a request to   1-
844- 470-2508  for standard review or  1-844-470-2511 for expedited (fast) review or by 
mail at 200 Stevens Drive , CC:26 , Philadelphia, PA, 19113. If sending  a request by mail or 
fax, we suggest  you view the online submission form or call us. This may help ensure all 
needed  information is included in your request.  
Once F irst Choice Next receives the request , we will review it  for medical necessity and 
suitability . For a standard non -formulary exception review, we will make our decision no 
later than within 72 hours of  the date we received the request  and any needed additional 
information . You can ask for  an expedited (fast) non -formulary exception based on exigent 
circumstances . Exigent circumstances exist when you are suffering from a health condition 
that may seriously jeopardize your life, health, or ability to regain maximum function, or when you are undergoing a current course of treatment using a non -formulary drug . You 
can indicate your exigent circumstance on your request by asking for an expedited review. 
We will give you a decision on expedited requests no later than 24 hours after we receive the request. 
If the non -formulary request is denied and you feel we have denied the request 