2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  38 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   of company observed holidays . Just call our toll- free number at 1- 877-486-7229. 
Utilization Management clinical staff are available on call after normal business 
hours, weekends, and holidays by calling 1- 877-486-7229. A toll -free fax line is 
available to receive inbound communications from providers  24 hours a day, 7 days  
a week at 1- 833-329-8686 . TTY and language help  is also available at 711.  
• Limit our requests for information to only that information needed  to certify  or 
authorize  the admission, procedure , or treatment ; length of stay ; and frequency and 
duration of health care services . 
• Provide  written procedures for making utilization review  decisions and notifying 
covered persons  of those decisions.  
• Have written procedures to address the failure or inability of a provider  or covered 
person  to give all needed  information for review. If a provider  or covered person  
fails to release needed  information in a timely manner, the insurer  may deny 
certification.  
We will make review d ecisions after  receiving all of the needed  information about the 
requested service . Needed  information may include, but is not limited to,  clinical notes, 
clinical evaluations, and second opinions  from a different clinician.  Within these  time  
frames,  we will notify your provider of our review determination, whether adverse or no t: 
• Concurrent requests are decided and communicated within 24 hours from the date 
of receipt.  
• Urgent care prospective requests are decided  and communicated as soon as 
possible , taking  into account medical needs , but will not exceed two business  days  
from the date of receipt.  
o A prospective request is considered urgent if  it is found  that a delay in the 
decision could reasonably appear to seriously jeopardize the life or health of the 
member ; jeopardize the member’s  ability to regain maximum function or in the 
opinion of a physician with knowledge of the member’s  medical condition, 
subject the member  to severe pain that cannot be adequately managed without 
the requested care or treatment .  
• From the date of receipt, n onurgent care prospective requests are decided  and 
communicated within two business days . 
• Retrospective requests are decided and communicated within 30 calendar days 
from the date of receipt.  
Notification of utilization management decisions will be consistent with South Carolina 
law and our policies . We may ask for more  information from you or your provider  to help 