2025 Evidence  of Coverage for First Choice Next  13 
 
  
SHSC Ind SC PY25 - EOC 20240618  v2                                                                                                      v3   
   treatment of an illness or injury by an organization licensed and approved by the 
state to provide these services.   
• Hospice  — A program for members  who ha ve six months or less to live that 
addresses the physical, psychological, social, and spiritual needs  of the member  and 
their immediate family .  
• Hospital  — A short -term, acute -care facility  that:  
o Is licensed and operated according to the law; and 
o Primarily and continuously engaged in providing or operating, either on its 
premises or in prearranged facilities for the hospital  and under the supervision 
of a staff of duly licensed physicians , medical, diagnostic , and major surgical 
facilities for the medical care  and treatment of sick or injured persons on an in-
patient basis for which a charge is made; and  
o Gives  24-hour nursing service by or under the supervision of registered graduate 
professional nurses  (RNs). 
 The term “hospital ” does not include the following types of facilities:  
o Convalescent homes, convalescent, rest, or nursing facilities; or  
o Facilities mainly  affording custodial, educational , or rehabilitory care; or  
o Facilities for older people or people with drug or alcohol addictions ; or 
o An y military or veterans hospital  or soldiers home or any hospital  contracted for 
or operated by any national government or agency thereof for the treatment of members  or ex -members  of the armed forces. An exception is  for services 
rendered where a legal liability exists for charges made to the individual for such 
services.  
• Independent review organization — A n entity that conducts independent external 
reviews of A dverse Benefit Determinations  and Final Determinations . 
• Inpatient rehabilitation facility  — A facility  that provides inpatient rehabilitation 
health services , as authorized by law.  
• Insurer  — Includes a corporation, fraternal organization, burial association, other 
association, partnership, society order, individual, or aggregation of individuals 
engaging and proposing or attempting to engage as principals in any kind o f 
insurance or surety business. This includes the exchanging of reciprocal or interinsurance contracts between individuals, partnerships, and corporations.  
• Life-threatening condition or disease  — A condition or disease that, according to 
the current diagnosis by the covered person's  treating physician , has a high chance  
of causing the covered person's  death within three years.  
• Managed care plan — A plan operated by a managed care organization that 
provides for the financing and delivery of health care and treatment services to 