2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs65
· Pharmacies that serve the Indian Health Service/Tribal/Urban Indian Health Program (not available in Puerto Rico). Except 
in emergencies, only Native Americans or Alaska Natives have access to these pharmacies in our network.
· Pharmacies that dispense drugs that are restricted by the FDA to certain locations or that require special handling, provider 
coordination, or education on their use.  To locate a specialized pharmacy, look in your Provider and  Pharmacy Directory  
(www.CignaMedicare.com/resources ) or call Customer Service.
Section 2.3        Using the plan’s mail-order service
For certain kinds of drugs, you can use the plan’s network mail-order services. Generally, the drugs provided through mail order 
are drugs that you take on a regular basis, for a chronic or long-term medical condition.
Our plan’s mail-order service allows you to order a 30-day, 60-day or 100-day supply for Tier 1 and Tier 2 drugs and a 30-day, 
60-day or 90-day  supply for Tier 3 and Tier 4 drugs .
You may go to any of our network mail-order pharmacies. However, your costs may be even less for your covered drugs if you use a network 
mail-order pharmacy that offers preferred cost sharing rather than a network mail-o rder pharmacy that offers standard cost sharing. The 
Provider and Pharmacy Directory  will tell you which of the network pharmacies offer preferred cost sharing. You can find out more about how 
your out-of-pocket costs could be different for different drugs by contacting us.
To get information about filling your prescriptions by mail, please visit our website ( www.cignamedicare.com ) or contact Customer 
Service.
Usually a mail -order pharmacy order will get to you in no more than 14 days. In the event a mail order package is delayed, the 
mail-order pharmacy will assist you to coordinate a short-term fill with a retail pharmacy that is near you. You can also contact 
Customer Service for assistance.
New prescriptions the pharmacy receives directly from your doctor’s office.
The pharmacy will automatically fill and deliver new prescriptions it receives from health care providers, without checking with you 
first, if either:
· You used mail order services with this plan in the past, or
· You sign up for automatic delivery of all new prescriptions received directly from health care providers. You may request 
automatic delivery of all new prescriptions at any time by calling 1-877-860-0982 (TTY 711) or logging in to 
www.myCigna.com.
If you receive a prescription automatically by mail that you do not want, and you were not contacted to see if you wanted it before 
it shipped, you may be eligible for a refund.
If you used mail order in the past and do not want the pharmacy to automatically fill and ship each new prescription, please 
contact us by calling 1-877-860-0982 (TTY 711) or logging in to www.myCigna.com.
If you have never used our mail -order delivery and/or decide to stop automatic fills of new prescriptions, the pharmacy will contact 
you each time it gets a new prescription from a health care provider to see if you want the medication filled and shipped 
immediately. It is important that you respond each time you are contacted by the pharmacy, to let them know whether to ship, 
delay, or cancel the new prescription.
To opt out of automatic deliveries of new prescriptions received directly from your health care provider’s office, please contact us 
by calling 1-877-860-0982 (TTY 711) or logging in to www.myCigna.com.
Refills on mail order prescriptions.  For refills of your drugs, you have the option to sign up for an automatic refill program. 
Under this program we will start to process your next refill automatically when our records show you should be close to running out 
of your drug. The pharmacy will contact you prior to shipping each refill to make sure you need  more medication, and you can 
cancel scheduled refills if you have enough of your medication or if your medication has changed.
If you choose not to use our auto-refill program but still want the mail-order pharmacy to send you your prescription, please 
contact your pharmacy 15 days before your current prescription will run out. This will ensure your order is shipped to you in time.
To opt out of our program that automatically prepares mail -order refills, please contact us by calling 1-877-860-0982 (TTY 711) or 
logging in to www.myCigna.com.
If you receive a refill automatically by mail that you do not want, you may be eligible for a refund.