62025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 1.     Getting started as a member
If you plan to move out of the service area, you cannot remain a member of this plan. Please contact Customer Service to see if 
we have a plan in your new area. When you move, you will have a Special Enrollment Period that will allow you to switch to 
Original Medicare or enroll in a Medicare health or drug plan that is available in your new location.
It is also important that you call Social Security if you move or change your mailing address. You can find phone numbers and 
contact information for Social Security in Chapter 2, Section 5.
Section 2.3        U.S. Citizen or Lawful Presence
A member of a Medicare health plan must be a U.S. citizen or lawfully present in the United States. Medicare (the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services) will notify Cigna  Healthcare  if you are not eligible to remain a member on this basis. Cigna 
Healthcare must disenroll you if you do not meet this requirement.
SECTION 3        Important membership materials you will receive
Section 3.1        Your plan membership card
While you are a member of our plan, you must use your membership card whenever you get services covered by this plan and for 
prescription drugs you get at network pharmacies. You should also show the provider your Medicaid card, if applicable. Here’s a 
sample membership card to show you what yours will look like:
       
Do NOT use your red, white, and blue Medicare card for covered medical services while you are a member of this plan. If you use 
your Medicare card instead of your Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)  membership card, you may have to pay the full cost of 
medical services yourself. Keep your Medicare card in a safe place. You may be asked to show it if you need hospital services, 
hospice services, or participate in Medicare approved clinical research studies also called clinical trials.
If your plan membership card is damaged, lost, or stolen, call Customer Service right away and we will send you a new card. 
Section 3.2        The Provider and Pharmacy Directory : Your guide to all providers in the plan’s network
The Provider and Pharmacy Directory  lists our current network providers and durable medical equipment suppliers.
Network providers  are the doctors and other health care professionals, medical groups, durable medical equipment suppliers, 
hospitals, and other health care facilities that have an agreement with us to accept our payment and any plan cost sharing as 
payment in full. 
You must use network providers to get your medical care and services. If you go elsewhere without proper authorization , you will 
have to pay in full. The only exceptions are emergencies, urgently needed services when the network is not available (that is, in 
situations when it is unreasonable or not possible to obtain services in-network), out-of-area dialysis services, and cases in which 
our plan authorizes use of out-of-network providers. The most recent list of providers and suppliers is available on our website at 
www.cignamedicare.com . If you don’t have your copy of the Provider and Pharmacy Directory, you can request a copy 
(electronically or in hardcopy form) from Customer Service. Requests for hard copy Provider and Pharmacy Director ies will be 
mailed to you within three business days.