2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)49
  Obesity screening and therapy to promote sustained weight loss
If you have a body mass index of 30 or more, we cover intensive counseling to help you 
lose weight. This counseling is covered if you get it in a primary care setting, where it 
can be coordinated with your comprehensive prevention plan.
Talk to your primary care doctor or practitioner to find out more.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for preventive obesity 
screening and therapy.
Opioid treatment program services
Members of our plan with opioid use disorder (OUD) can receive coverage of services to 
treat OUD through an Opioid Treatment Program (OTP) which includes the following 
services:
· U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved opioid agonist and antagonist 
medication-assisted treatment (MAT) medications.
· Dispensing and administration of MAT medications (if applicable)
· Substance use  disorder  counseling
· Individual and group therapy
· Toxicology testing
· Intake activities
· Periodic assessmentsPrior authorization may be required.
$15 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
opioid treatment services
Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic services and supplies
Covered services include, but are not limited to:
· X-rays
· Radiation (radium and isotope) therapy including technician materials and supplies
· Surgical supplies, such as dressings
· Splints, casts and other devices used to reduce fractures and dislocations
· Laboratory tests
· Medicare-covered genetic tests will only be covered once per the member’s 
lifetime unless the test is specifically approved by the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) to be performed more than once.
· Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of whole blood and 
packed red cells begins only with the first pint of blood that you need. All other 
components of blood are covered beginning with the first pint used.
· Other outpatient diagnostic testsPrior authorization may be required.
A separate  PCP/Specialist cost share 
will apply  if additional services 
requiring cost  sharing are rendered.  A 
facility fee  may also apply.
$0 or $200  copayment  for Medicare-
covered diagnostic  procedures and 
tests . $0 copayment  for EKG and 
diagnostic colorectal screenings.  $200  
copayment  for all other diagnostic 
procedures and tests .
$0 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
lab services .
$50 copayment for Medicare-covered 
genetic tests.
$0 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
blood services.
$0 or $200  copayment  for Medicare-
covered diagnostic  radiology services 
(not including  X-rays) . $0 copayment  
for mammography and ultrasounds.  
$200  copayment  for all other 
diagnostic and nuclear  medi cine 
radiological services Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services