1182025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 10.     Ending your membership in the plan
SECTION 1  Introduction  to ending your membership in our plan
Ending your membership in our plan may be voluntary  (your own choice) or involuntary  (not your own choice):
· You might leave our plan because you have decided that you want  to leave. Section s 2 and 3 provide information on ending 
your membership voluntarily.
· There are also limited situations where we are required to end your membership. Section 5 tells you about situations when 
we must end your membership.
If you are leaving our plan, our plan must continue to provide your medical care and prescription drugs and you will continue to pay 
your cost share until your membership ends.
 SECTION 2        When can you end your membership in our plan?
Section 2.1        You can end your membership during the Annual Enrollment Period
You can end your membership during the Annual Enrollment Period  (also known as the Annual Open Enrollment Period ). 
During this time, review your health and drug coverage and decide about coverage for the upcoming year.
· The Annual Enrollment Period  is from October 15 to December 7 .
· Choose to keep your current coverage or make changes to your coverage for the upcoming year.  If you decide to 
change to a new plan, you can choose any of the following types of plans.
o Another Medicare health plan, with or without prescription drug coverage.
o Original Medicare with a separate Medicare prescription drug plan.
o – or –  Original Medicare without  a separate Medicare prescription drug plan.
§ If you choose this option, Medicare may enroll you in a drug plan, unless you have opted out of automatic enrollment.
Note:  If you disenroll from Medicare prescription drug coverage and go without creditable prescription drug coverage for 
63 or more days in a row, you may have to pay a Part D late enrollment penalty if you join a Medicare drug plan later.
· Your membership will end in our plan  when your new plan’s coverage begins on January 1.
Section 2.2        You can end your membership during the Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period
You have the opportunity to make one change to your health coverage during the Medicare Advantage  Open Enrollment Period.
· The annual Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period is from January 1 to March 31  and also for new Medicare 
beneficiaries who are enrolled in an MA plan, from the month of entitlement to Part A and Part B until the last day of the 3rd 
month of entitlement.
· During the annual Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period  you can:
o Switch to another Medicare Advantage Plan with or without prescription drug coverage.
o Disenroll from our plan and obtain coverage through Original Medicare. If you choose to switch to Original Medicare 
during this period, you can also join a separate Medicare prescription drug plan at that time.
· Your membership will end  on the first day of the month after you enroll in a different Medicare Advantage plan or we get 
your request to switch to Original Medicare. If you also choose to enroll in a Medicare prescription drug plan, your 
membership in the drug plan will begin the first day of the month after the drug plan gets your enrollment request.
Section 2.3        In certain situations, you can end your membership during a Special Enrollment Period
In certain situations, members of our plan may be eligible to end their membership at other times of the year. This is known as a 
Special Enrollment Period .
You may be eligible to end your membership during a Special Enrollment Period  If any of the following situations apply to 
you. These are just examples; for the full list you can contact the plan, call Medicare, or visit the Medicare website 
(www.medicare.gov ):
· Usually, when you have moved.
· If you have Medicaid.