822025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 6.     What you pay for your Part D prescription drugs
Section 5.5        You stay in the Initial Coverage Stage until your out-of-pocket  costs for the year reach $2,000
You stay in the Initial Coverage Stage until your total out-of-pocket costs reach $2,000. You then move on to the Catastrophic 
Coverage Stage.
We offer additional  coverage  on some  prescription  drugs  that are not normally covered in a Medicare Prescription Drug Plan. 
Payments made for these drugs will not count towards your total out-of-pocket costs.  
The Part D EOB that you receive  will help you keep track of how much you, the plan, and any third parties have spent on your 
behalf during the year. Not all members will  reach the $2,000  out-of-pocket  limit in a year.
We will let you know if you reach this  amount. If you do reach this amount, you will leave the Initial Coverage Stage and move on to 
the Catastrophic Coverage  Stage. See Section 1.3 on how Medicare calculates your out-of-pocket costs.
SECTION 6        During the Catastrophic Coverage Stage, you pay nothing  for your covered Part D drugs
You enter the Catastrophic Coverage Stage when your out-of-pocket costs have reached the $ 2,000 limit for the calendar year. 
Once you are in the Catastrophic Coverage Stage, you will stay in this payment stage until the end of the calendar  year.
· During this payment stage, you pay nothing for your covered Part D Drugs. 
· For excluded drugs covered under our enhanced benefit, you pay  your Tier 1 copayment .
SECTION 7        Part D Vaccines. What you pay for depends on how and where you get them
Important Message About What You Pay for  Vaccines – Some vaccines are considered medical benefits  and are covered 
under Part B. Other vaccines are considered Part D drugs. You can find these vaccines listed in the plan’s D rug List. Our plan 
covers most adult Part D vaccines at no cost to you  . Refer to your plan’s Drug List or contact Customer Service for coverage and 
cost-sharing details about specific vaccines.
There are two parts to our coverage of Part D vaccinations:
· The first part of coverage  is the cost of the vaccine  itself.
· The second  part of coverage  is for the cost of giving  you the vaccine.  (This  is sometimes  called  the administration  of the  
vaccine.)
Your costs for a Part D vaccination depend on three things:
1.  Whether the vaccine is recommended for adults by an organization called the Advisory Committee on 
Immunization Practices (ACIP).
o Most adult Part D vaccinations are recommended by ACIP and cost you nothing. 
2.  Where you get the vaccine.
o The vaccine itself may be dispensed by a pharmacy or provided by the doctor’s office.
3.  Who gives you the  vaccine.
o A pharmacist or another provider may give the vaccine in the pharmacy. Alternatively, a provider may give it in the 
doctor’s office.
What you pay at the time you get the Part D vaccination can vary depending on the circumstances and what drug payment stage  
you are in.
· Sometimes  when  you get a vaccination , you have  to pay the entire  cost for both the vaccine  itself and the cost for the provider 
to give you the vaccine. You can ask our plan to pay you back for our share of the cost. For most adult Part D vaccines, this 
means you will be reimbursed the entire cost you paid.
· Other  times,  when  you get a vaccination,  you will pay only your share  of the cost under your Part D benefit. For most adult 
Part D vaccines, you will pay nothing.
Below are three examples of ways you might get a Part D vaccine :
Situation  1: You get the Part D vaccination  at the network  pharmacy.  (Whether  you have this choice  depends  on where  you live. 
Some  states  do not allow  pharmacies  to give certain vaccines.)
· For most adult Part D vaccines, you will pay nothing.