2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)95
SECTION 1        Introduction
Section 1.1        What to do if you have a problem or concern
This chapter explains two types of processes for handling problems and concerns:
· For some types of problems, you need to use the process for coverage decisions and appeals .
· For other types of problems, you need to use the process for making complaints , also called grievances.
Both of these processes have been approved by Medicare.  Each process has a set of rules, procedures, and deadlines that must 
be followed by us and by you.
The guide in Section 3 will help you identify the right process to use and what you should do.
Section 1.2        What about the legal terms?
There are legal terms for some of the rules, procedures, and types of deadlines explained in this chapter. Many of these terms are 
unfamiliar to most people and can be hard to understand. To make things easier, this chapter:
· Uses simpler words in place of certain legal terms. For example, this chapter generally says  making a complaint rather than 
filling a grievance, coverage decision rather than organization determination or coverage determination or at-risk 
determination, and independent review organization instead of Independent Review Entity.
· It also uses abbreviations as little as possible.
However, it can be helpful — and sometimes quite important — for you to know the correct legal terms. Knowing which terms to 
use will help you communicate more accurately to get the right help or information for your situation. To help you know which 
terms to use, we include legal terms when we give the details for handling specific types of situations.
SECTION 2        Where to get more information and personalized assistance
We are always available to help you. Even if you have a complaint about our treatment of you, we are obligated to honor your right 
to complain. Therefore, you should always reach out to Customer Service for help. But in some situations, you may also want help 
or guidance from someone who is not connected with us. Below are two entities that can assist you.
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Each state has a government program with trained counselors. The program is not connected with us or with any insurance 
company or health plan. The counselors at this program can help you understand which process you should use to handle a 
problem you are having. They can also answer your questions, give you more information, and offer guidance on what to do.
The services of SHIP counselors are free. You will find phone numbers and website URLs in Chapter 2, Section 3 of this 
document.
Medicare
You can also contact Medicare to get help. To contact Medicare:
● You can call 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should call 1-877-486-2048.
● You can also visit the Medicare website ( www.medicare.gov ).
SECTION 3        To deal with your problem, which process should you use?
If you have a problem or concern, you only need to read the parts of this chapter that apply to your situation. The guide that 
follows will help.
 
Is your problem or concern about your benefits or coverage?
This includes problems about whether medical care (medical items, services and/or Part B prescription drugs)  are covered or 
not, the way they are covered, and problems related to payment for medical care.
Yes. 
Go on to the next section of this chapter, Section 4, A guide to the basics of coverage decisions and 
appeals.
No.