2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)107
The independent review organization is an independent organization hired by Medicare.  It is not connected with us and is 
not a government agency. This organization decides whether the decision we made is correct or if it should be changed. Medicare 
oversees its work.
Step 1:  You (or your representative or your doctor or other prescriber) must contact the independent review organization 
and ask for a review of your case.
· If we say no to your Level 1 appeal, the written notice we send you will include instructions on how to make a Level 2 
appeal  with the independent review organization. These instructions will tell who can make this Level 2 appeal, what 
deadlines you must follow, and how to reach the review organization. If, however, we did not complete our review within the 
applicable timeframe, or make an unfavorable decision regarding at-risk  determination under our drug management 
program, we will automatically forward your claim to the IRE.
· We will send the information about your appeal to this organization. This  information  is called  your case  file. You have  the 
right  to ask us for a copy  of your  case  file. We are allowed  to charge  you a fee for copying  and sending  this information  to 
you.
· You have a right to give the independent review organization additional information to support your appeal.
Step 2: The independent review organization reviews your appeal.
Reviewers at the independent review organization will take a careful look at all of the information related to your appeal.
Deadlines for fast appeal
· If your health requires it, ask the independent review organization for a fast appeal.
· If the organization agrees to give you a fast  appeal, the organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 Appeal within 
72 hours after it receives your appeal request .
Deadlines for standard appeal
· For standard appeals, the review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 7 calendar days  after 
it receives your appeal if it is for a drug you have not yet received. If you are requesting that we pay you back for a drug you 
have already bought, the review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 14 calendar days  
after it receives your request.
Step 3: The independent review organization gives you their answer.
For fast appeals:
· If the Independent Review Organization says yes to part or all of what you requested, we must provide the drug 
coverage that was approved by the review organization within 24 hours after we receive the decision from the review 
organization.
For standard appeals:
· If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of your request for coverage, we must provide the drug 
coverage  that was approved by the review organization within 72 hours  after we receive the decision from the review 
organization. 
· If the independent review organization says yes to part or all of your request to pay you back  for a drug you already 
bought, we are required to send payment to you within 30 calendar days after we receive the decision from the review 
organization.
What if the review organization says no to your appeal?
If this organization says no to part or all of your appeal, it means they agree with our decision not to approve your request (or part 
of your request). (This is called upholding the decision.  It is also called turning down your appeal .). In this case, the 
independent review organization will send you a letter:
· Explaining its decision.
· Notifying you of the right to a Level 3 appeal if the dollar value of the drug coverage you are requesting meets a certain 
minimum. If the dollar value of the drug coverage you are requesting is too low, you cannot make another appeal and the 
decision at Level 2 is final. 