182025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 2.     Important phone numbers and resources
Method Livanta  (Virginia ’s Quality Improvement Organization) – Contact Information
CALL 1-888-396-4646
Hours are Mon. - Fri.  9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., 24 hour voicemail service is available
TTY 1-888-985-2660
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties with hearing or 
speaking.
WRITE Livanta, BFCC-QIO Program, 10820 Guilford Rd., Suite 202, Annapolis Junction, MD 20701
WEBSITE www.livantaqio.com
SECTION 5        Social Security
Social Security is responsible for determining eligibility and handling enrollment for Medicare. U.S. citizens and lawful permanent 
residents who are 65 or older, or who have a disability or End-Stage Renal Disease and meet certain conditions, are eligible for 
Medicare. If you are already getting Social Security checks, enrollment into Medicare is automatic. If you are not getting Social 
Security checks, you have to enroll in Medicare. To apply for Medicare, you can call Social Security or visit your local Social 
Security office.
Social Security is also responsible for determining who has to pay an extra amount for their Part D drug coverage because they 
have a higher income. If you got a letter from Social Security telling you that you have to pay the extra amount and have questions 
about the amount or if your income went down because of a life-changing event, you can call Social Security to ask for 
reconsideration.
If you move or change your mailing address, it is important that you contact Social Security to let them know.
Method Social Security – Contact Information
CALL 1-800-772-1213
Calls to this number are free.
Available 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., Monday through Friday.
You can use Social Security’s automated telephone services to get recorded information and conduct some 
business 24 hours a day.
TTY 1-800-325-0778
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties with hearing or 
speaking.
Calls to this number are free.
Available 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., Monday through Friday.
WEBSITE www.ssa.gov
SECTION 6        Medicaid 
Medicaid is a joint Federal and state government program that helps with medical costs for certain people with limited incomes 
and resources. Some people with Medicare are also eligible for Medicaid.
The programs offered through Medicaid help people with Medicare pay their Medicare costs, such as their Medicare premiums. 
These Medicare Savings Programs include:
· Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB):  Helps pay Medicare Part A and Part B premiums, and other cost sharing (like 
deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments). (Some people with QMB are also eligible for full Medicaid benefits (QMB+).)
· Specified Low-Income Medicare Beneficiary (SLMB):  Helps pay Part B premiums. (Some people with SLMB are also 
eligible for full Medicaid benefits (SLMB+).)
· Qualifying Individual (QI):  Helps pay Part B premiums.
· Qualified Disabled & Working Individuals (QDWI):  Helps pay Part A premiums.