2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)105
o If we do not meet this deadline, we are required to send your request on to Level 2 of the appeals process, where it will 
be reviewed by an independent review organization .
· If our answer is yes to part or all of what you requested, we must  provide the coverage we have agreed to provide  
within 72 hours after we receive your request or doctor’s statement supporting your request.
· If our answer  is no to part or all of what  you requested,  we will send  you a written  statement  that explains  why we said no. 
We will also tell you how you can appeal.
Deadlines for a standard coverage decision about payment for a drug you have already bought
· We must  give you our answer  within  14 calendar  days  after we receive  your request.
o If we do not meet  this deadline,  we are required  to send  your request  on to Level  2 of the appeals  process,  where  it will be 
reviewed  by an independent  review  organization.  
· If our answer  is yes to part or all of what  you requested,  we are also required  to make payment to you within  14 
calendar days  after we receive your request.
· If our answer  is no to part or all of what  you requested,  we will send  you a written  statement  that explains  why we said no. 
We will also tell you how you can appeal.
Step 4:  If we say no to your coverage request, you can make an appeal.
· If we say no, you have  the right to ask us to reconsider this decision by making an appeal. This means asking again to get the drug 
coverage you want. If you make an appeal, it means you are going on to Level 1 of the appeals process.
Section 6.5        Step-by-step: How to make a Level 1 appeal
Legal Terms
An appeal to the plan about a Part D drug coverage decision is called a plan redetermination.
A fast appeal is also called an expedited redetermination .
Step 1:  Decide if you need a standard appeal or a fast appeal.
A standard appeal is usually made within 7 calendar days. A fast appeal is generally made within 72 hours. If you r health 
requires it, ask for a fast appeal.
· If you are appealing a decision we made about a drug you have not yet received, you and your doctor or other prescriber will need to 
decide if you need a fast appeal.
· The requirements for getting a fast appeal  are the same as those for getting a fast coverage decision in Section 6.4 of this chapter.
Step 2:  You, your representative, doctor or other prescriber must contact us and make your Level 1 appeal. If your health 
requires a quick response, you must ask for a fast appeal.
· For standard appeals, submit a written request or call us . Chapter 2 has contact information.
·  For fast appeals either submit your appeal in writing or call us at 1-800-668-3813 (TTY 711) . Chapter 2 has contact 
information. 
· We must  accept  any written  request,  including  a request  submitted  on the CMS  Model  Coverage  Redetermination  Request  
form, which is available on our  website  (www.cigna.com/medicare/resources/customer-forms ). Please be sure to include your 
name, contact information, and information regarding your claim to assist us in processing your request.
· Coverage  requests  involving  prescription  drugs  can also be submitted  electronically  on our website  at www.cigna.com/
medicare/resources/customer-forms .
· You must make your appeal request within 65 calendar days from the date on the written notice we sent to tell you our 
answer on the coverage decision. If you miss this deadline and have a good reason for missing it, explain the reason your 
appeal is late when you make  your appeal.  We may give you more time to make your appeal. Examples  of good  cause  may 
include  a serious  illness that prevented you from contacting us or if we provided you with incorrect or incomplete information 
about the deadline for requesting an  appeal.