2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)103
If a drug is not covered in the way you would like it to be covered, you can ask us to make an exception . An exception is a type of 
coverage decision. 
For us to consider your exception request, your doctor or other prescriber will need to explain the medical reasons why you need 
the exception approved. Here are  three  examples of exceptions that you or your doctor or other prescriber can ask us to make:
1. Covering a Part D drug for you that is not on our Drug List. If we agree to cover a drug not on the Drug List, you will need to 
pay the cost -sharing amount that applies to  drugs in Tier 5, the Specialty Drug Tier . You cannot ask for an exception to the cost-
sharing amount we require you to pay for the drug.
2. Removing a restriction for a covered drug . Chapter 5 describes the extra rules or restrictions that apply to certain drugs on 
our Drug List . If we agree to make an exception and waive a restriction for you, you can ask for an exception to the cost-sharing 
amount we require you to pay for the drug.
3. Changing coverage of a drug to a lower cost sharing tier. Every drug on our Drug List is in one of  5 cost-sharing tiers. In 
general, the lower the cost-sharing tier number, the less you will pay as your share of the cost of the drug.
· If our Drug List contains alternative drug(s) for treating your medical condition that are in a lower cost -sharing tier than your 
drug, you can ask us to cover your drug at the cost -sharing amount that applies to the alternative drug(s).
· If the drug you’re taking is a biological product you can ask us to cover your drug at a lower cost-sharing  amount . This would 
be the lowest tier that contains biological product alternatives for treating your condition.
· If the drug you’re taking is a brand name drug you can ask us to cover your drug at the cost-sharing amount that applies to 
the lowest tier that contains brand name alternatives for treating your condition.
· If the drug you’re taking is a generic drug you can ask us to cover your drug at the cost-sharing amount that applies to the 
lowest tier that contains either brand or generic alternatives for treating your condition.
· You cannot ask us to change the cost sharing tier for any drug in Tier 5, the Specialty Drug Tier.
· If we approve your request for a tiering exception and there is more than one lower cost -sharing tier with alternative drugs 
you can’t take, you will usually pay the lowest amount.
Section 6.3        Important things to know about asking for exceptions
Your doctor must tell us the medical reasons
Your doctor or other prescriber must give us a statement that explains the medical reasons for requesting an exception. For a 
faster decision, include this medical information from your doctor or other prescriber when you ask for the exception.
Typically, our Drug List includes more than one drug for treating a particular condition. These different possibilities are called 
alternative  drugs. If an alternative drug would be just as effective as the drug you are requesting and would not cause more side 
effects or other health problems, we will generally not approve your request for an exception. If you ask us for a tiering exception, 
we will generally not approve your request for an exception unless all the alternative drugs in the lower cost sharing tier(s) won’t 
work as well for you or are likely to cause an adverse reaction or other harm.
We can say yes or no to your request
· If we approve your request for an exception, our approval usually is valid until the end of the plan year. This is true as long 
as your doctor continues to prescribe the drug for you and that drug continues to be safe and effective for treating your 
condition.
· If we say no to your request for an exception, you can ask for a review of our decision by making an appeal.
Section 6.4        Step-by-step: How to ask for a coverage decision, including an exception
Legal Term
A fast coverage decision is called an expedited coverage determination.
Step 1:  Decide if you need a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.