2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)57
· Laboratory tests ordinarily provided by SNFs
· X-rays and other radiology services ordinarily provided by SNFs
· Use of appliances such as wheelchairs ordinarily provided by SNFs
· Physician/Practitioner services
Generally, you will get your SNF care from network facilities. However, under certain 
conditions listed below, you may be able to pay in-network cost sharing for a facility that 
isn’t a network provider, if the facility accepts our plan’s amounts for payment.
· A nursing home or continuing care retirement community where you were living 
right before you went to the hospital (as long as it provides skilled nursing facility 
care)
· An SNF where your spouse  or domestic partner  is living at the time you leave the 
hospital
  Smoking and tobacco use cessation (counseling to stop smoking or 
     tobacco use)
If you use tobacco, but do not have signs or symptoms of tobacco-related disease:  We 
cover two counseling quit attempts within a 12-month period as a preventive service with 
no cost to you. Each counseling attempt includes up to four face-to-face visits.
If you use tobacco and have been diagnosed with a tobacco-related disease or are 
taking medicine that may be affected by tobacco:  We cover cessation counseling 
services. We cover two counseling quit attempts within a 12-month period, however, you 
will pay the applicable cost sharing. Each counseling attempt includes up to four face-to-
face visits.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the Medicare-covered 
smoking and tobacco use cessation 
preventive benefits.
Supervised Exercise Therapy (SET)
SET is covered for members who have symptomatic peripheral artery disease (PAD) 
and are recommended for treatment by the responsible physician.
Up to 36 sessions over a 12-week period are covered if the SET program requirements 
are met.
The SET program must:
· Consist of sessions lasting 30-60 minutes, comprising a therapeutic exercise-
training program for PAD in patients with claudication
· Be conducted in a hospital outpatient setting or a physician’s office
· Be delivered by qualified auxiliary personnel necessary to ensure benefits exceed 
harms, and who are trained in exercise therapy for PAD
· Be under the direct supervision of a physician, physician assistant, or nurse 
practitioner/clinical nurse specialist who must be trained in both basic and 
advanced life support techniques
SET may be covered beyond 36 sessions over 12 weeks for an additional 36 sessions 
over an extended period of time if deemed medically necessary by a health care 
provider.Prior authorization may be required.
$10 copayment  for each Medicare-
covered Supervised  Exercise Therapy 
visit
One copayment will apply when 
multiple therapies are provided by the 
same provider on the same date a nd 
at the same place of service .
Transportation
Routine, non-emergency health-related transportation benefit includes specified quantity 
of one-way trips by taxi, rideshare services, van or medical transport. Customers are Prior authorization may be required. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services