2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)61
Services not covered by Medicare Not covered under any condition Covered only under specific 
conditions
Cosmetic surgery or procedures. · Covered in cases of an accidental 
injury or for improvement of the 
functioning of a malformed body 
member.
· Covered for all stages of reconstruction 
for a breast after a mastectomy, as well 
as for the unaffected breast to produce 
a symmetrical appearance.
Custodial care .
Custodial care is personal care that does 
not require the continuing attention of 
trained medical or paramedical personnel, 
such as care that helps you with activities 
of daily living, such as bathing or 
dressing.Not covered under any condition.
Experimental medical and surgical 
procedures, equipment and medications.
Experimental procedures and items are 
those items and procedures determined  
Original Medicare to not be generally 
accepted by the medical community.· May be covered by Original Medicare 
under a Medicare-approved clinical 
research study or by our plan.
(See Chapter 3, Section 5 for more 
information on clinical research studies.)
Fees charged for care by your immediate 
relatives or members of your household.Not covered under any condition.
Full-time nursing care in your home. Not covered under any condition.
General health panel including, but not 
limited to, a comprehensive metabolic 
panel, blood count complete and thyroid 
stimulating hormone.  Not covered under any condition.
Home-delivered meals. · Please refer to Home -delivered meals 
in the Medical Benefits Chart for more 
information.
Homemaker services include basic 
household assistance, including light 
housekeeping or light meal preparation.Not covered under any condition.
Incontinence supplies including pads, 
pull-ups and glovesNot covered under any condition.
Naturopath services (uses natural or 
alternative treatments).Not covered under any condition.
Non-routine dental care. · Dental care required to treat illness or 
injury may be covered as inpatient or 
outpatient care .
Obstetrical services. Not covered under any condition.