2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 12. Definitions of important words127
plan requires you to try another drug before receiving the drug you are requesting,  if our plan requires a prior authorization for a 
drug and you want us to waive the criteria restriction,  or if our plan limits the quantity or dosage of the drug you are requesting (a 
formulary exception).
“Extra Help ” – A Medicare program to help people with limited income and resources pay Medicare prescription drug program 
costs, such as premiums, deductibles, and coinsurance.
Generic Drug – A prescription drug that is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as having the same active 
ingredient(s) as the brand name drug. Generally, a generic drug works the same as a brand name drug and usually costs less.
Grievance – A type of complaint you make about our plan, providers, or pharmacies, including a complaint concerning the quality 
of your care. This does not involve coverage or payment disputes.
Home Health Aide – A person who provides services that do not need the skills of a licensed nurse or therapist, such as help with 
personal care (e.g., bathing, using the toilet, dressing, or carrying out the prescribed exercises).
Hospice – A benefit that provides special treatment for a member who has been medically certified as terminally ill, meaning 
having a life expectancy of 6 months or less. We, your plan, must provide you with a list of hospices in your geographic area. If 
you elect hospice and continue to pay premiums you are still a member of our plan. You can still obtain all medically necessary 
services, as well as the supplemental benefits we offer.
Hospital Inpatient Stay  – A hospital stay when you have been formally admitted to the hospital for skilled medical services. Even 
if you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an outpatient.
Income -Related Monthly Adjustment Amount (IRMAA) – If your modified adjusted gross income as reported on your IRS tax 
return from 2 years ago is above a certain amount, you’ll pay the standard premium amount and an Income Related Monthly 
Adjustment Amount, also known as IRMAA. IRMAA is an extra charge added to your premium. Less than 5% of people with 
Medicare are affected, so most people will not pay a higher premium.
Independent Physician Association (IPA)  – An IPA is a group of primary care and specialty care physicians who work together 
in coordinating your medical needs. See Chapter 1, Section 6 for more information about Independent Physician Associations 
(IPA).
Initial Coverage Stage  – This is the stage before your out-of-pocket costs for the year have reached the out-of-pocket threshold 
amount.
Initial Enrollment Period – When you are first eligible for Medicare, the period of time when you can sign up for Medicare Part A 
and Part B. If you’re eligible for Medicare when you turn 65, your Initial Enrollment Period is the 7 -month period that begins 3 
months before the month you turn 65, includes the month you turn 65, and ends 3 months after the month you turn 65.
Institutional Special Needs Plan (SNP)  – A plan that enrolls eligible individuals who continuously reside or are expected to 
continuously reside for 90 days or longer in a long -term care (LTC) facility. These facilities may include a
skilled nursing facility (SNF), nursing facility (NF), (SNF/NF), Intermediate Care Facility for Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities 
(ICF/IID), an inpatient psychiatric facility, and/or facilities approved by CMS that furnishes similar long-term, health  care services 
that are covered under Medicare Part A, Medicare Part B, or Medicaid; and whose residents have similar needs and health  care 
status to the other named facility types. An institutional Special Needs Plan must have a contractual arrangement with (or own and 
operate) the specific LTC facility(ies).
Institutional Equivalent Special Needs Plan (SNP)  – A plan that enrolls eligible individuals living in the community but requiring 
an institutional level of care based on the State assessment. The assessment must be performed using the same respective State 
level of care assessment tool and administered by an entity other than the organization offering the plan. This type of Special 
Needs Plan may restrict enrollment to individuals that reside in a contracted assisted living facility (ALF) if necessary to ensure 
uniform delivery of specialized care.
Interchangeable Biosimilar  – A biosimilar that may be used as a substitute for an original biosimilar product at the pharmacy 
without needing a new prescription because it meets additional requirements related to the potential for automatic substitution. 
Automatic substitution at the pharmacy is subject to state law.
List of Covered Drugs (Formulary or Drug List ) – A list of prescription drugs covered by the plan. 
Low Income Subsidy (LIS)  – See “Extra Help. ”