662025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs
Section 2.4        How can you get a long-term supply of drugs ?
When you get a long-term supply of drugs, your cost sharing may be lower. The plan offers two ways to get a long-term supply 
(also called an extended supply) of maintenance drugs on our plan’s Drug List. (Maintenance drugs are drugs that you take on a 
regular basis, for a chronic or long-term medical condition.)
1. Some retail pharmacies in our network allow you to get a long-term supply of maintenance drugs (which offer preferred cost 
sharing) at a lower cost-sharing amount. Other retail pharmacies may not agree to the lower cost-sharing amounts. In this 
case you will be responsible for the difference in price. Your Provider and Pharmacy Directory  (www.CignaMedicare.com/
resources ) tells you which pharmacies in our network can give you a long-term supply of maintenance drugs. You can also 
call Customer Service for more information).
2. You may also receive maintenance drugs through our mail-order program. Please see Section 2.3 for more information.
Section 2.5        When can you use a pharmacy that is not in the plan’s network?
Your prescription may be covered in certain situations
Generally, we cover drugs filled at an out-of-network pharmacy only when you are not able to use a network pharmacy. To help 
you, we have network pharmacies outside of our service area where you can get your prescriptions filled as a member of our plan. 
Please check first with Customer Service  to see if there is a network pharmacy nearby. You may be required to pay the 
difference between what you pay for the drug at the out-of-network pharmacy and the cost that we would cover at an in-network 
pharmacy.
Here are the circumstances when we would cover prescriptions filled at an out-of-network pharmacy:
· You travel outside the plan’s service area and run out of or lose covered Part D drugs, or become ill and need a covered 
Part D drug and cannot access a network pharmacy.
· You are unable to obtain a covered Part D drug in a timely manner within the service area because, for example, there is no 
network pharmacy within a reasonable driving distance that provides 24/7 service.
· You are filling a prescription for a covered Part D drug and that particular drug is not regularly stocked at an accessible 
network retail or mail order pharmacy.
· The Part D drugs are dispensed by an out -of-network institution -based pharmacy while in an emergency facility, 
provider -based clinic, outpatient surgery, or other outpatient setting.
How do you ask for reimbursement from the plan?
If you must use an out-of-network pharmacy, you will generally have to pay the full cost (rather than your normal cost share) at the 
time you fill your prescription. You can ask us to reimburse you for our share of the cost. (Chapter 7, Section 2 explains how to ask 
the plan to pay you back.)
SECTION 3        Your drugs need to be on the plan’s Drug List
Section 3.1        The  Drug List  tells which Part D drugs are covered
The plan has a List of Covered Drugs (Formulary).  In this Evidence of Coverage , we call it the Drug List  for short.
The drugs on this list are selected by the plan with the help of a team of doctors and pharmacists. The list meets Medicare’s 
requirements and has been approved by Medicare.
The drugs on the Drug List  are only those covered under Medicare Part D.
We will generally cover a drug on the plan’s Drug List  as long as you follow the other coverage rules explained in this chapter and 
the drug is  used for  a medically accepted indication. A medically accepted indication is a use of the drug that is either :
· Approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the diagnosis or condition for which it is being prescribed.  or
· Supported by certain references, such as the American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information and the Micromedex 
DRUGDEX Information System.
The Drug List includes brand name drugs, generic drugs, and biological products (which may include biosimilars).