2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 1.     Getting started as a member9
If you disagree about paying an extra amount, you can ask Social Security to review the decision. To find out more about how to 
do this, contact Social Security at 1-800-772-1213 (TTY 1-800-325-0778).
Section  4.5        Medicare Prescription Payment Plan Amount
If you’re participating in the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan, each month you’ll pay your plan premium (if you have one) and 
you’ll get a bill from your health or drug plan for your prescription drugs (instead of paying the pharmacy). Your monthly bill is 
based on what you owe for any prescriptions you get, plus your previous month’s balance, divided by the number of months left in 
the year. 
Chapter 2, Section 7 tells more about the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan. If you disagree with the amount billed as part of 
this payment option, you can follow the steps in Chapter 9 to make a complaint or appeal.
SECTION 5        More information about your monthly premium
\
Section 5.1        If you pay a Part D late enrollment penalty, there are several ways you can pay your penalty
There are three  ways you can pay the penalty. Please select your late enrollment penalty payment option when you complete your 
enrollment form. You can also call Customer Service to let us know which option you choose or if you want to make a change.
Option 1: Paying by check
Your Part D late enrollment penalty is due monthly, but you can pay quarterly or yearly if you choose. You may decide to pay your 
Part D late enrollment penalty directly to our plan. You must submit to us your check or money order made payable to Cigna 
Healthcare by the last day of the month. Please include your member ID number on the check. Do not make your check payable 
to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) or to the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). Payment 
should be sent to Cigna, P.O. Box 742642, Atlanta, GA 30374-2642 . Payments mailed to a different Cigna Healthcare address will 
delay the processing of the payment.
Option 2: You can make payments online
You can pay your Part D  late enrollment penalty by using Cigna  Healthcare ’s secure online payment system, which allows you to 
set up automatic payments or make a one-time payment at your convenience. Our secure online payment system is available 24 
hours a day, 7 days a week, and can be found online at www.cignamedicare.com/paymybill . If you have questions about this 
payment option, please contact Customer Service at the phone number listed on the back of this document .
Option 3: Having your Part D late enrollment penalty taken out of your monthly Social Security check
Changing the way you pay your Part D late enrollment penalty . If you decide to change the option by which you pay your Part 
D late enrollment penalty, it can take up to three months for your new payment method to take effect. While we are processing 
your request for a new payment method, you are responsible for making sure that your Part D  late enrollment penalty is paid on 
time. To change your payment method, contact Customer Service. 
What to do if you are having trouble paying your late enrollment penalty
Your Part D late enrollment penalty is due in our office by the last day of the month.  If you are having trouble paying your Part D 
late enrollment penalty on time, please contact Customer Service to see if we can direct you to programs that will help with your 
costs.
Section 5.2        Can we change your monthly plan premium during the year?
No. We are not allowed to change the amount we charge for the plan’s monthly plan premium during the year. If the monthly plan 
premium changes for next year , we will tell you in September and the change will take effect on January 1.
However, in some cases, you may be able to stop paying a late enrollment penalty, if owed, or need to start paying a late 
enrollment penalty. This could happen if you become eligible for the “Extra Help ” program or if you lose your eligibility for the 
“Extra Help ” program during the year:
· If you currently pay the Part D late enrollment penalty and become eligible for “Extra Help ” during the year, you would be 
able to stop paying your penalty.