162025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 2.     Important phone numbers and resources
Part C (Medical Services)
Cigna  Healthcare
Attn: Direct Member Reimbursement,
Medical Claims
P.O. Box 20002
Nashville, TN 37202
WEBSITE www.cignamedicare.com
SECTION 2        Medicare  
(how to get help and information directly from the Federal Medicare program)
Medicare is the Federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people under age 65 with disabilities, 
and people with End-Stage Renal Disease (permanent kidney failure requiring dialysis or a kidney transplant).
The Federal agency in charge of Medicare is the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (sometimes called CMS). This agency 
contracts with Medicare Advantage organizations including us.
Method Medicare – Contact Information
CALL 1-800-MEDICARE or 1-800-633-4227
Calls to this number are free.
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
TTY 1-877-486-2048
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties with hearing or 
speaking.
Calls to this number are free.
WEBSITE www.Medicare.gov
This is the official government website for Medicare. It gives you up-to-date information about Medicare and 
current Medicare issues. It also has information about hospitals, nursing homes, physicians, home health 
agencies, and dialysis facilities. It includes documents you can print directly from your computer. 
You can also find Medicare contacts in your state.
The Medicare website also has detailed information about your Medicare eligibility and enrollment options with 
the following tools:
· Medicare Eligibility Tool: Provides Medicare eligibility status information.
· Medicare Plan Finder: Provides personalized information about available Medicare prescription drug 
plans, Medicare health plans, and Medigap (Medicare Supplement Insurance) policies in your area. 
These tools provide an estimate  of what your out-of-pocket costs might be in different Medicare plans.
You can also use the website to tell Medicare about any complaints you have about our plan:
· Tell Medicare about your complaint: You can submit a complaint about our plan directly to Medicare. 
To submit a complaint to Medicare, go to www.medicare.gov/MedicareComplaintForm/home.aspx . 
Medicare takes your complaints seriously and will use this information to help improve the quality of the 
Medicare program.
If you don’t have a computer, your local library or senior center may be able to help you visit this website using 
its computer. Or, you can call Medicare and tell them what information you are looking for. They will find the 
information on the website and review information with you. (You can call Medicare at 1-800-MEDICARE 
(1-800-633-4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should call 1-877-486-2048.)