1302025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 12. Definitions of important words
marked in the Benefits Chart in Chapter 4. Covered drugs that need prior authorization are marked in the formulary  and our criteria 
is posted on our website .
Prosthetics and Orthotics – Medical devices including, but are not limited to : arm, back and neck braces; artificial limbs; artificial 
eyes; and devices needed to replace an internal body part or function, including ostomy supplies and enteral and parenteral 
nutrition therapy.
Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) – A group of practicing doctors and other health care experts paid by the Federal 
government to check and improve the care given to Medicare patients. 
Quantity Limits – A management tool that is designed to limit the use of selected drugs for quality, safety, or utilization reasons. 
Limits may be on the amount of the drug that we cover per prescription or for a defined period of time.
“Real-Time Benefit Tool ” – A portal or computer application in which enrollees can look up complete, accurate, timely, clinically 
appropriate, enrollee-specific formulary and benefit information. This includes cost -sharing amounts, alternative formulary 
medications that may be used for the same health condition as a given drug, and coverage restrictions (Prior Authorization, Step 
Therapy, Quantity Limits) that apply to alternative medications.    
Rehabilitation Services – These services include physical therapy, speech and language therapy, and occupational therapy.
Service Area – A geographic area where you must live to join a particular health plan. For plans that limit which doctors and 
hospitals you may use, it’s also generally the area where you can get routine (non -emergency) services. The plan must disenroll 
you if you permanently move out of the plan’s service area.
Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) Care  – Skilled nursing care and rehabilitation services provided on a continuous, daily basis, in a 
skilled nursing facility. Examples of care include physical therapy or intravenous injections that can only be given by a registered 
nurse or doctor.
Special Enrollment Period  – A set time when members can change their health or drug plans or return to Original Medicare. 
Situations in which you may be eligible for a Special Enrollment Period include: if you move outside the service area, if you are 
getting “Extra Help ” with your prescription drug costs, if you move into a nursing home, or if we violate our contract with you.
Special Needs Plan  – A special type of Medicare Advantage Plan that provides more focused health care for specific groups of 
people, such as those who have both Medicare and Medicaid, who reside in a nursing home, or who have certain chronic medical 
conditions.
Standard Cost Sharing – Standard cost sharing is cost sharing other than preferred cost sharing offered at a network pharmacy.
Step Therapy – A utilization tool that requires you to first try another drug to treat your medical condition before we will cover the 
drug your physician may have initially prescribed.
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) – A monthly benefit paid by Social Security to people with limited income and resources 
who are disabled, blind, or age 65 and older. SSI benefits are not the same as Social Security benefits.
Urgently Needed Services – A plan-covered service requiring immediate medical attention that is not an emergency is an 
urgently needed service if either you are temporarily outside the service area of the plan, or it is unreasonable given your time, 
place, and circumstances to obtain this service from network providers with whom the plan contracts. Examples of urgently 
needed services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries, or unexpected flare-ups of existing conditions. However, medically 
necessary routine provider visits, such as annual checkups, are not considered urgently needed even if you are outside the 
service area of the plan or the plan network is temporarily unavailable.