2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 2.    Important phone numbers and resources19
To find out more about Medicaid and its programs, contact Virginia Medicaid .
Method Virginia Medicaid  Contact Information
CALL 1-833-5CALLVA
Hours are Mon.- Fri. 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m., Sat. 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
TTY 1-888-221-1590
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties with hearing or 
speaking.
WRITE Department of Medical Assistance Services, Virginia Medicaid, 600 E. Broad Street, Richmond, VA 23219
WEBSITE https://www.dmas.virginia.gov/
SECTION 7        Information about programs to help people pay for their prescription drugs
The Medicare gov website (https://www.medicare.gov/basics/costs/help/drug-cost s) provides information on how to lower your 
prescription drug costs. For people with limited incomes, there are also other programs to assist, described below.
Medicare’s “Extra Help ” Program
Medicare provides “Extra Help ” to pay prescription drug costs for people who have limited income and resources. Resources 
include your savings and stocks, but not your home or car. If you qualify, you get help paying for any Medicare drug plan’s monthly 
premium, yearly deductible, and prescription copayments. This “Extra Help ” also counts toward your out-of-pocket costs.
If you automatically qualify for “Extra Help ” Medicare will mail you a letter. You will not have to apply. If you do not automatically 
qualify you may be able to get “Extra Help ” to pay for your prescription drug premiums and costs. To see if you qualify for getting 
“Extra Help, ” call:
· 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227). TTY users should call 1-877-486-2048, 24 hours a day/7 days a week;
· The Social Security Office at 1-800-772-1213, between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m., Monday through Friday. TTY users should call 
1-800-325-0778; or
· Your State Medicaid Office (See Section 6 of this Chapter for contact information).
If you believe you have qualified for “Extra Help ” and you believe that you are paying an incorrect cost -sharing amount when you 
get your prescription at a pharmacy, our plan has a process for you to either request assistance in obtaining evidence of your 
proper copayment level, or, if you already have the evidence, to provide this evidence to us.
· Please contact Customer Service to request assistance or to provide one of the documents listed below to establish your 
correct copay level. Please note that any document listed below must show that you were eligible for Medicaid during a 
month after June of the previous year:
1. A copy of your Medicaid card which includes your name, eligibility date and status level;
2. A report of contact including the date a verification call was made to the State Medicaid Agency and the name, title and 
telephone number of the state staff person who verified the Medicaid status;
3. A copy of a state document that confirms active Medicaid status;
4. A printout from the State electronic enrollment file showing Medicaid status;
5. A screen print from the State’s Medicaid systems showing Medicaid status;
6. Other documentation provided by the State showing Medicaid status;
7. A Supplemental Security Income (SSI) Notice of Award with an effective date; or
8. An Important Information letter from the Social Security Administration (SSA) confirming that you are “...automatically 
eligible for Extra Help... ”
· If you are a member that is institutionalized, please provide one or more of the following:
1. A remittance from a long-term care facility showing Medicaid payment for a full calendar month;
2. A copy of a state document that confirms Medicaid payment to a long-term care facility for a full calendar month on your 
behalf;