462025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
occurring during sequestering (time required to be near a facility and away from 
your home) immediately after a covered transplant.
· Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of whole blood and 
packed red cells begins only with the first pint of blood that you need. All other 
components of blood are covered beginning with the first pint used.  
· Physician services
Note:  To be an inpatient, your provider must write an order to admit you formally as an 
inpatient of the hospital. Even if you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be 
considered an outpatient. If you are not sure if you are an inpatient or an outpatient, you 
should ask the hospital staff.
You can also find more information in a Medicare fact sheet called Are You a Hospital 
Inpatient or Outpatient? If You Have Medicare – Ask!  This fact sheet is available on the  
website  at https://es.medicare.gov/publications/11435-Medicare-Hospital-Benefits.pdf  or 
by calling 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227). TTY users call 1-877-486-2048. You 
can call these numbers for free, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Inpatient services in a psychiatric hospital
Covered services include mental health care services that require a hospital stay. Our 
plan covers up to 190 days in a lifetime for inpatient mental health care in a psychiatric 
hospital. The inpatient mental health care limit does not apply to inpatient mental health 
services provided in a general hospital.Prior authorization may be required.
Except in an emergency, your doctor 
must tell the plan that you are going to 
be admitted to the hospital.
For each Medicare-covered psychiatric 
hospital stay, your copayment is :
$320 per day for days 1-6;
$0 per day for days 7-90
For each Medicare-covered hospital 
stay, you are required to pay the 
applicable cost sharing, starting with 
Day 1 each time you are admitted. 
In some instances, a readmission 
policy may apply in which the benefit 
will continue from the original 
admission.
Our plan also covers 60 “lifetime 
reserve days. ” These are “extra ” days 
that we cover. If you use more than 90 
days within a benefit period, you can 
use these extra days. But once you 
have used up these extra 60 days, 
your inpatient hospital coverage will be 
limited to 90 days. There is a $0 
copayment per lifetime reserve day.
Inpatient stay: Covered services received in a hospital or SNF during a non-
covered inpatient stay
If you have exhausted your inpatient benefits or if the inpatient stay is not reasonable 
and necessary, we will not cover your inpatient stay. However, in some cases, we will You pay the applicable cost sharing for 
other services as though they were 
provided on an outpatient basis. 
Please refer to the applicable benefit in  Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services