2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 3.     Using the plan for your medical services27
symptoms may be an illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that is quickly getting worse.
If you have a medical emergency:
· Get help as quickly  as possible.  Call 911 for help or go to the nearest  emergency  room  or hospital.  Call for an ambulance  if 
you need it. You do not need to get approval or a referral first from your  PCP. You do not need to use a network doctor . You may 
get covered emergency medical care whenever you need it, anywhere in the United States or its territories, and from any provider with an 
appropriate state license even if they are not part of our network. Our plan covers emergencies outside of the country. For more 
information, see the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 of this document .
· As soon  as possible,  make  sure  that our plan has been  told about  your  emergency.  We need  to follow  up on your 
emergency  care.  You or someone  else should  call to tell us about  your emergency  care,  usually  within  48 hours.  Please call  
Customer Service at the toll-free number on the back of your membership card. Hours are October 1 – March 31, 8:00 a.m. –  
8:00 p.m. local time, 7 days a week. From April 1 – September 30, Monday – Friday 8:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. local time . 
Messaging service used weekends, after hours, and on federal holidays. TTY users should call 711. Additionally, you should 
call your PCP. Your PCP’s phone number is listed on the front of your membership card.
What is covered if you have a medical emergency?
Our plan covers ambulance services in situations where getting to the emergency room in any other way could endanger your 
health. We also cover medical services during the emergency.
The doctors who are giving you emergency care will decide when your condition is stable, and the medical emergency is over
After the emergency is over, you are entitled to follow-up care to be sure your condition continues to be stable. Your doctors will 
continue to treat you until your doctors contact us and make plans for additional care. Your follow-up care will be covered by our 
plan. 
If your emergency care is provided by out-of-network providers, we will try to arrange for network providers to take over your care 
as soon as your medical condition and the circumstances allow.
What if it wasn’t a medical emergency?
Sometimes it can be hard to know if you have a medical emergency. For example, you might go in for emergency care — thinking 
that your health is in serious danger — and the doctor may say that it wasn’t a medical emergency after all. If it turns out that it was 
not an emergency, as long as you reasonably thought your health was in serious danger, we will cover your care.
However, after the doctor has said that it was not an emergency, we will cover additional care only if you get the additional care in 
one of these two ways:
· You go to a network  provider  to get the additional  care.
· — or — The additional  care you get is considered  urgently  needed  services  and you follow  the rules  for getting  this urgent care  
(for more  information  about  this, see Section  3.2 below).
Section 3.2        Getting care when you have an urgent need for services
What are urgently needed services?
A plan-covered service requiring immediate medical attention that is not an emergency is an urgently needed service if either you 
are temporarily outside the service area of the plan, or it is unreasonable given your time, place, and circumstances to obtain this 
service from network providers with whom the plan contracts. Examples of urgently needed services are unforeseen medical 
illnesses and injuries, or unexpected flare-ups of existing conditions. However, medically necessary routine provider visits, such as 
annual checkups, are not considered urgently needed even if you are outside the service area of the plan or the plan network is 
temporarily unavailable.
For a list of urgent care centers in our network, please refer to our Provider and Pharmacy Directory  (www.CignaMedicare.com/
resources) . You can call Customer Service for information on how to access urgent care centers. 
Our plan covers worldwide emergency and urgent care services outside the United States under the following circumstances 
described in the Emergency Care and Urgently Needed Services benefits listed in the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 of this 
document .