2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)59
Covered services include:
· Outpatient physician services for the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and 
injuries of the eye, including treatment for age-related macular degeneration. 
Original Medicare doesn’t cover routine eye exams (eye refractions) for 
eyeglasses/contacts. 
· For people who are at high risk of glaucoma, we will cover one glaucoma 
screening each year. People at high risk of glaucoma include: people with a family 
history of glaucoma, people with diabetes, African-Americans who are age 50 and 
older, and Hispanic Americans who are 65 or older
· For people with diabetes, screening for diabetic retinopathy is covered once per 
year
· One pair of eyeglasses or contact lenses after each cataract surgery that includes 
insertion of an intraocular lens. (If you have two separate cataract operations, you 
cannot reserve the benefit after the first surgery and purchase two eyeglasses 
after the second surgery.)
For more information on your Medicare-covered vision benefits, call Customer Service.requiring cost sharing are rendered 
(e.g., but not limited to, if a medical 
eye condition is discovered during a 
preventive routine eye exam).
For surgical procedures performed in 
an outpatient surgical center, a 
separate physician cost share or 
facility fee may apply.
$0 or $10  copayment  for Medicare -
covered exams to diagnose and treat 
diseases and conditions of the eye, 
includin g an annual glaucoma 
screening for people at risk. $0 
copayment  for glaucoma screeni ngs 
and diabetic retinal exams.  $10 
copayment  for all other Medicare-
covered vision services.
$0 copayment fo r Medicare-covered 
eyewear (one pair of eyeglasses with 
standard frames/lenses or one set of 
standard contact lenses after  cataract 
surgery that implants an intraocular 
lens)
 Vision care  (Routine)
This plan covers:  
·  One (1) routine eye exam (including eye refraction) per year. Eye refractions 
outside of the annual routine eye exam are not covered.
· Eyeglasses and frames or contact lenses up to the plan allowance amount. The 
plan specified allowance may be applied to one set of the customer's choice of 
eyewear, to include the eyeglass frame/lenses/lens options combination or contact 
lenses and contact lens fitting (to include related professional fees) in lieu of 
eyeglasses. Routine annual eyewear allowance applied to the retail value only. 
Applicable taxes are not covered. Unused balance of the allowance amount does 
not carry forward to future benefit years.
Routine eye exam and eyewear must be obtained from a provider in Cigna Healthcare's 
vision vendor network. Services obtained from vendors outside this network are not 
covered.
There are limitations on the number of covered services within a service category. 
Frequency limits vary depending on the type of covered service. Medically necessary 
contact lenses are not covered by the routine vision benefit. Other  exclusions may 
apply.
For more information contact Cigna Healthcare's vision vendor at 1-888-886-1995 (TTY 
711). A separate PCP/Specialist cost share 
may apply if additional services 
requiring cost sharing are rendered 
(e.g., but not limited to, if a medical 
eye condition is discovered during a 
preventive routine eye exam).
$0 copayment for  one routine  eye 
exam every year  (routine eye exam 
does not include a contact lens fitting)
$0 copayment up to the eyewear 
allowance for:
–up to one pair of eyeglasses (lenses 
and frames) every year  
–unlimited contact lenses up to plan 
coverage limit
–up to one pair of eyeglass lenses 
every year
–up to one eyeglass frame every year
–upgrades
$200  allowance for routine eyewear 
every year. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services