2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 7.     Asking us to pay our share of a bill you have received for covered medical services or drugs85
SECTION 1        Situations in which you should ask us to pay our share of the cost of your covered services or drugs
Sometimes when you get medical care or a prescription drug, you may need to pay the full cost. Other times, you may find that 
you have paid more than you expected under the coverage rules of the plan , or you may receive a bill from a provider . In these 
cases, you can ask our plan to pay you back (paying you back is often called reimbursing you). It is your right to be paid back by 
our plan whenever you’ve paid more than your share of the cost for medical services or drugs that are covered by our plan. There 
may be deadlines that you must meet to get paid back. Please see Section 2 of this chapter.
There may also be times when you get a bill from a provider for the full cost of medical care you have received or possibly for 
more than your share of cost sharing as discussed in th is document. First try to resolve the bill with the provider. If that does not 
work, send the bill to us instead of paying it. We will look at the bill and decide whether the services should be covered. If we 
decide they should be covered, we will pay the provider directly. If we decide not to pay it, we will notify the provider. You should 
never pay more than plan-allowed cost sharing. If this provider is contracted  you still have the right to treatment.
Here are examples of situations in which you may need to ask our plan to pay you back or to pay a bill you have received:
1. When you’ve received emergency or urgently needed medical care from a provider who is not in our plan’s 
network
Outside the service area , you can  receive emergency or urgently needed  services from any provider, whether or not  the 
provider is a part of our network. In these cases,
· You are only responsible for paying your share of the cost for emergency or urgently needed services. Emergency 
providers are legally required to provide emergency care. If you pay the entire amount yourself at the time you receive 
the care, ask us to pay you back for our share of the cost. Send us the bill, along with documentation of any payments 
you have made.
· You may get a bill from the provider asking for payment that you think you do not owe. Send us this bill, along with 
documentation of any payments you have already made.
o If the provider is owed anything, we will pay the provider directly.
o If you have already paid more than your share of the cost of the service, we will determine how much you owed and 
pay you back for our share of the cost.
2. When a network provider sends you a bill you think you should not pay
Network providers should always bill the plan directly and ask you only for your share of the cost. But sometimes they make 
mistakes and ask you to pay more than your share.
· You only have to  pay your cost sharing amount when you get covered services. We do not allow providers to add 
additional separate charges, called balance billing. This protection (that you never pay more than your cost -sharing 
amount) applies even if we pay the provider less than the provider charges for a service and even if there is a dispute 
and we don’t pay certain provider charges.
· Whenever you get a bill from a network provider that you think is more than you should pay, send us the bill. We will 
contact the provider directly and resolve the billing problem.
· If you have already paid a bill to a network provider, but you feel that you paid too much, send us the bill along with 
documentation of any payment you have made and ask us to pay you back the difference between the amount you paid 
and the amount you owed under the plan.
3. If you are retroactively enrolled in our plan
Sometimes a person’s enrollment in the plan is retroactive. ( This means that the first day of their enrollment has already 
passed. The enrollment date may even have occurred last year.)
If you were retroactively enrolled in our plan and you paid out-of-pocket for any of your covered services or drugs after your 
enrollment date, you can ask us to pay you back for our share of the costs. You will need to submit paperwork such as 
receipts and bills  for us to handle the reimbursement.
4. When you use an out-of-network pharmacy to get a prescription filled
If you go to an out-of-network pharmacy, the pharmacy may not be able to submit the claim directly to us. When that 
happens, you will have to pay the full cost of your prescription.