722025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs
· Our plan cannot cover off-label  use of a drug when the use is not supported by certain references, such as the American 
Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information and the Micromedex DRUGDEX Information System.  Off-label  use is any use 
of the drug other than those indicated on a drug’s label as approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
In addition, by law, the following categories of drugs are not covered by Medicare drug plans:  (Our plan covers certain drugs listed 
below through our enhanced drug coverage, for which you may be charged an additional premium. More information is provided 
below.)
· Non-prescription drugs (also called over-the-counter drugs)
· Drugs used to promote fertility
· Drugs used for the relief of cough or cold symptoms
· Drugs used for cosmetic purposes or to promote hair growth
· Prescription vitamins and mineral products, except prenatal vitamins and fluoride preparations
· Drugs used for the treatment of sexual or erectile dysfunction
· Drugs used for treatment of anorexia, weight loss, or weight gain
· Outpatient drugs for which the manufacturer seeks to require that associated tests or monitoring services be purchased 
exclusively from the manufacturer as a condition of sale
We offer additional coverage of some prescription drugs (enhanced drug coverage) not normally covered in a Medicare 
prescription drug plan. We offer coverage for select erectile dysfunction drugs with quantity limitations. Additional details are 
available in the plan’s comprehensive drug list. The amount you pay for these drugs does not count towards qualifying you for the 
Catastrophic Coverage Stage. (The Catastrophic Coverage Stage is described in Chapter 6, Section 6 of this document.)
In addition, if you are receiving “Extra Help ” from Medicare  to pay for your prescriptions, the “Extra Help ” program will not pay for the 
drugs not normally covered. (Please refer to the plan’s Drug List  or call Customer Service for more information. Phone numbers for 
Customer Service are printed on the back cover of this documen t.) However, if you have drug coverage through Medicaid, your state 
Medicaid program may cover some prescription drugs not normally covered in a Medicare drug plan. Please contact your state 
Medicaid program to determine what drug coverage may be available to you. (You can find phone numbers and contact information for 
Medicaid in Chapter 2, Section 6.)
SECTION 8        Fi lling a prescription
Section 8.1        Provide your membership information
To fill your prescription, provide your plan membership information, which can be found on your membership card, at the network 
pharmacy you choose. The network pharmacy will automatically bill the plan for our share of your drug cost. You will need to pay 
the pharmacy your share of the cost when you pick up your prescription.
Section 8.2        What if you don’t have your membership information  with you?
If you don’t have your plan membership information with you when you fill your prescription, you or the pharmacy can call the plan 
to get the necessary information, or you can ask the pharmacy to look up your plan enrollment information.
If the pharmacy is not able to get the necessary information, you may have to pay the full cost of the prescription when you 
pick it up . (You can then ask us to reimburse you  for our share. See Chapter 7, Section 2 for information about how to ask the 
plan for reimbursement.)
SECTION 9        Part D drug coverage in special situations
Section 9.1        What if you’re in a hospital or a skilled nursing facility for a stay that is covered by the plan?
If you are admitted to a hospital or to a skilled nursing facility for a stay covered by the plan, we will generally cover the cost of 
your prescription drugs during your stay. Once you leave the hospital or skilled nursing facility, the plan will cover your prescription 
drugs as long as the drugs meet all of our rules for coverage described in this Chapter.