2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)55
Devices (other than dental) that replace all or part of a body part or function. These 
include, but are not limited  to testing, fitting, or training in the use of prosthetic and 
orthotic devices; as well as:  colostomy bags and supplies directly related to colostomy 
care, pacemakers, braces, prosthetic shoes, artificial limbs, and breast prostheses 
(including a surgical brassiere after a mastectomy). Includes certain supplies related to 
prosthetic and orthotic devices, and repair and/or replacement of prosthetic and orthotic 
devices. Also includes some coverage following cataract removal or cataract surgery – 
see Vision Care  later in this section for more detail.
Note:  Medical supply quantities will be reviewed to ensure they are medically necessary 
and reasonable. Total monthly quantity limits may apply for medical supplies.20% coinsurance  for Medicare-
covered prosthetic and orthotic 
devices and medical supplies related 
to prosthetics, splints, and other 
devices
Pulmonary rehabilitation services
Comprehensive programs of pulmonary rehabilitation are covered for members who 
have moderate to very severe chronic obstructiv e pulmonary disease (COPD) and  an 
order f or pulmonary rehabilitation from the doctor treating the chronic respiratory 
disease.$10 copayment  for each Medicare-
covered pulmonary rehabilitative 
therapy visit
One copayment will apply when 
multiple therapies are provided by the 
same provider on the same date and 
at the same place of service.
  Screening and counseling to reduce alcohol misuse
We cover one alcohol misuse screening for adults with Medicare (including pregnant 
women) who misuse alcohol, but aren’t alcohol dependent.
If you screen positive for alcohol misuse, you can get up to 4 brief face-to-face 
counseling sessions per year (if you’re competent and alert during counseling) provided 
by a qualified primary care doctor or practitioner in a primary care setting.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the Medicare-covered 
screening and counseling to reduce 
alcohol misuse preventive benefit.
  Screening for lung cancer with low dose computed tomography (LDCT)
For qualified individuals, a LDCT is covered every 12 months.
Eligible members are : people aged 50  – 77 years who have no signs or symptoms of 
lung cancer, but who have a history of tobacco smoking of at least 2 0 pack-years and 
who currently smoke or have quit smoking within the last 15 years, who receive an order 
for LDCT during a lung cancer screening counseling and shared decision making visit 
that meets the Medicare criteria for such visits and be furnished by a physician or 
qualified non-physician practitioner.
For LDCT lung cancer screenings after the initial LDCT screening:  the members must 
receive an order for LDCT lung cancer screening, which may be furnished during any 
appropriate visit with a physician or qualified non-physician practitioner. If a physician or 
qualified non-physician practitioner elects to provide a lung cancer screening counseling 
and shared decision making visit for subsequent lung cancer screenings with LDCT, the 
visit must meet the Medicare criteria for such visits.There is no coinsurance, copayment,  
or deductible for the Medicare- covered 
counseling and shared decision 
making visit or for the LDCT.
  Screening for sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and counseling to
     prevent STIs
We cover sexually transmitted infection (STI) screenings for chlamydia, gonorrhea, 
syphilis, and Hepatitis B. These screenings are covered for pregnant women and for 
certain people who are at increased risk for an STI when the tests are ordered by a There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the Medicare-covered 
screening for STIs and counseling for 
STIs preventive benefit. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services