762025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 6.     What you pay for your Part D prescription drugs
Are you currently getting help to pay for your drugs?
If you are in a program that helps pay for your drugs,  some information in this Evidence of Coverage  about the costs for Part 
D prescription drugs may not apply to you.  We sent you a separate insert, called the Evidence of Coverage Rider for People 
Who Get “Extra Help ” Paying for Prescription Drugs  (also known as the Low-Income Subsidy Rider  or the LIS Rider ), which tells 
you about your drug coverage. If you don’t have this insert, please call Customer Service and ask for the LIS Rider .
SECTION 1        Introduction
Section 1.1        Use this chapter together with other materials that explain your drug coverage
This chapter focuses on what you pay for your Part D prescription drugs. To keep things simple, we use “drug ” in this chapter to 
mean a Part D prescription drug. As explained in Chapter 5, not all drugs are Part D drugs — some drugs are covered under 
Medicare Part A or Part B and other drugs are excluded from Medicare coverage by law.
To understand the payment information, you need to know what drugs are covered, where to fill your prescriptions, and what rules 
to follow when you get your covered drugs. Chapter 5, Sections 1 through 4 explain these rules.  When you use the plan’s “Real-
Time Benefit Tool ” to look up drug coverage (see Chapter 5, Section 3.3), the cost shown is provided in “real time ,” meaning the 
cost you see in the tool reflects a moment in time to provide an estimate of the out-of-pocket costs you are expected to pay. You 
can also obtain information provided by the “Real-Time Benefit Tool ” by calling Customer Service.
Section 1.2        Types of out-of-pocket costs you may pay for covered drugs
There are different types of out-of-pocket costs for Part D drugs. The amount that you pay for a drug is called cost-sharing and 
there are three ways you may be asked to pay.
· Deductible is the amount you must pay for drugs before our plan begins to pay its share.
· Copayment  is a fixed amount you pay each time you fill a prescription.
· Coinsurance  is a percentage of the total cost you pay each time you fill a prescription.
Section 1.3        How Medicare calculates your out-of-pocket costs
Medicare has rules about what counts and what does not count toward your out-of-pocket costs. Here are the rules that we must 
follow when we keep track of your out-of-pocket costs.
 
These payments are included  in your out-of-pocket costs
Your out-of-pocket-costs include  the payments listed below (as long as they are for Part D covered drugs and you followed the 
rules for drug coverage that are explained in Chapter 5:
· The amount you pay for drugs when you are in the following drug payment stages:
o The Initial Coverage Stage
· Any payments you made during this calendar year as a member of a different Medicare prescription drug plan before you 
joined our plan.
It matters who pays:
· If you make these payments yourself , they are included in your out-of-pocket costs.
· These payments are also included  in your out-of-pocket costs  if they are made on your behalf by certain other individuals 
or organizations . This includes payments for your drugs made by a friend or relative, by most charities, by AIDS drug 
assistance programs,  employer or union health plans, TRICARE,  or by the Indian Health Service. Payments made by 
Medicare’s “Extra Help ” Program are also included.
Moving on to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage
When you (or those paying on your behalf) have spent a total of $ 2,000 in out-of-pocket costs within the calendar year, you will 
move from the Initial Coverage Stage to the Catastrophic Coverage Stage.