562025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
primary care provider. We cover these tests once every 12 months or at certain times 
during pregnancy.
We also cover up to two individual 20 to 30 minute, face-to-face high-intensity 
behavioral counseling sessions each year for sexually active adults at increased risk for 
STIs. We will only cover these counseling sessions as a preventive service if they are 
provided by a primary care provider and take place in a primary care setting, such as a 
doctor’s office.
Services to treat kidney disease
Covered services include:
· Kidney disease education services to teach kidney care and help members make 
informed decisions about their care. For members with stage IV chronic kidney 
disease when referred by their doctor, we cover up to six sessions of kidney 
disease education services per lifetime.
· Outpatient dialysis treatments (including dialysis treatments when temporarily out 
of the service area, as explained in Chapter 3 , or when your provider for this 
service is temporarily unavailable or inaccessible )
· Inpatient dialysis treatments (if you are admitted as an inpatient to a hospital for 
special care)
· Self-dialysis training (includes training for you and anyone helping you with your 
home dialysis treatments)
· Home dialysis equipment and supplies
· Certain home support services (such as, when necessary, visits by trained dialysis 
workers to check on your home dialysis, to help in emergencies, and check your 
dialysis equipment and water supply)
Certain drugs for dialysis are covered under your Medicare Part B drug benefit. For 
information about coverage for Part B drugs, please go to the section, Medicare Part B 
prescription drugs.Prior authorization may be required 
for Medicare-covered renal dialysis.
$0 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
kidney disease education services
20% coinsurance  for Medicare-
covered renal dialysis
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care
(For a definition of skilled nursing facility care, see Chapter 12 of this document.  Skilled 
nursing facilities are sometimes called SNFs.)
Plan covers up to 100 days each benefit period. An inpatient hospital stay is  not 
required prior to SNF admission.
Covered services include but are not limited to:
· Semiprivate room (or a private room if medically necessary)
· Meals, including special diets
· Skilled nursing services
· Physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech therapy
· Drugs administered to you  as part of your plan of care (t his includes substances 
that are naturally present in the body, such as blood clotting factors.)
· Blood – including storage and administration. Coverage of whole blood and 
packed red cells begins only with the first pint of blood that you need. All other 
components of blood are covered beginning with the first pint used .
· Medical and surgical supplies ordinarily provided by SNFsPrior authorization may be required.
For Medicare-covered SNF stays, the 
copayment is:
$0 per day for days 1-20;
$214 per day for days 21-100
In some instances, a readmission 
policy may apply in which the benefit 
will continue from original admission.
For each Medicare-covered SNF stay, 
you are required to pay the applicable 
cost sharing, starting with Day 1 each 
time you are admitted.  Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services