902025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 8.     Your rights and responsibilities
Medicare llamando al 1 800 MEDICARE (1 800 633 4227) o directamente a la Oficina de Derechos Civiles al 1-800-368-1019 o 
TTY 1-800-537-7697.
Section 1.2        We must ensure that you get timely access to your covered services and drugs
You have the right to choose a primary care provider (PCP) in the plan’s network to provide and arrange for your covered 
services.  We do not require you to get referrals to go to network providers.
You also have the right to get non-emergency care after your PCP’s office is closed. If you need to talk with your PCP or get 
medical care when the PCP office is closed, and it is not a medical emergency, call the PCP at the phone number found on your 
membership card. There is always a doctor on call to help you. The Telecommunications Relay Service (TRS) provides a relay 
service for deaf, hard-of- hearing and/or persons with speech and language disorders by dialing 711. The TRS will assist you in 
contacting your PCP.
You have the right to get appointments and covered services from the plan’s network of providers within  a reasonable amount of 
time. This includes the right to get timely services from specialists when you need that care. You also have the right to get your 
prescriptions filled or refilled at any of our network pharmacies without long delays.
If you think that you are not getting your medical care or Part D drugs within a reasonable amount of time, Chapter 9 tells what you can do.
Cigna  Healthcare ’s evaluation of new technologies
We take pride in giving our customers the best medical and pharmacy benefits available. Our Pharmacy & Therapeutics 
Committee and our Clinical Guidelines Committee carefully review new medications, medical and behavioral procedures, and 
devices as potential benefit additions for our customers. The Pharmacy & Therapeutics Committee is made up of practicing 
physicians, pharmacists and our Medical Directors. Together, these professionals review new medications while evaluating 
available clinical guidelines, evidence-based medicine and pharmacoeconomic studies. The clinical Guidelines Committee is 
made up of our Medical Directors, pharmacists and behavioral health specialists. This committee evaluates medical and 
behavioral technologies by reviewing pertinent data including evidence-based guidelines, safety data, appropriate CMS and other 
and regulatory information, and expert specialist input. Based on these reviews, the committees then vote on which medications, 
medical and behavioral procedures, and devices to offer that are deemed efficacious and efficient and will provide the greatest 
benefit for our customers.
Section 1.3        We must protect the privacy of your personal health information
Federal and state laws protect the privacy of your medical records and personal health information. We protect your personal 
health information as required by these laws.
· Your personal health information includes the personal information you gave us when you enrolled in this plan as well as 
your medical records and other medical and health information.
· You have rights related to your information and controlling how your health information is used. We give you a written notice, 
called a Notice of Privacy Practice , that tells about these rights and explains how we protect the privacy of your health 
information.
How do we protect the privacy of your health information?
· We make sure that unauthorized people don’t see or change your records.
· Except for the circumstances noted below, if we intend to give your health information to anyone who isn’t providing your 
care or paying for your care, we are required to get written permission from you or someone you have given legal power to 
make decisions for you first.
· There are certain exceptions that do not require us to get your written permission first. These exceptions are allowed or 
required by law.
o We are required to release health information to government agencies that are checking on quality of care.
o Because you are a member of our plan through Medicare, we are required to give Medicare your health information, 
including information about your Part D prescription drugs. If Medicare releases your information for research or other 
uses, this will be done according to Federal statutes and regulations; typically, this requires that information that uniquely 
identifies you not be shared.