642025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs
SECTION 1        Introduction
This chapter explains rules for using your coverage for Part D drugs . Please see Chapter 4 for Medicare Part B drug benefits 
and hospice drug benefits.
Section 1.1        Basic rules for the plan’s Part D drug coverage
The plan will generally cover your drugs as long as you follow these basic rules:
· You must have a provider (a doctor, dentist or other prescriber) write your prescription which must be valid under applicable 
state law.
· Your prescriber must not be on Medicare’s Exclusion or Preclusion Lists.
· You generally must use a network pharmacy to fill your prescription. (See Section 2 in this chapter.)  Or you can fill your 
prescription through the plan’s mail-order service.
· Your drug must be on the plan’s List of Covered Drugs (Formulary)  (we call it the Drug List  for short). (See Section 3  in this 
chapter .)
· Your drug must be used for a medically accepted indication. A medically accepted indication is a use of the drug that is 
either approved by the Food and Drug Administration or supported by certain reference s. (See Section 3 in this chapter  for 
more information about a medically accepted indication.)
· Your drug may require approval before we will cover it. (See Section 4 of this chapter for more information about restrictions 
on your coverage.)
SECTION 2        Fill your prescription at a network pharmacy or through the plan’s mail-order service
Section 2.1        Use a network pharmacy
In most cases, your prescriptions are covered only if they are filled at the plan’s network pharmacies. (See Section 2.5 for 
information about when we would cover prescriptions filled at out-of-network pharmacies.)
A network pharmacy is a pharmacy that has a contract with the plan to provide your covered prescription drugs. The term covered 
drugs means all of the Part D prescription drugs that are on the plan’s Drug List .
Section 2.2        Network pharmacies
How do you find a network pharmacy in your area?
To find a network pharmacy, you can look in your Provider and Pharmacy Directory , visit our website (www.cignamedicare.com ), 
and/or call Customer Service.
You may go to any of our network pharmacies.  Some of our network pharmacies provide preferred cost sharing, which may be lower 
than the cost sharing at a pharmacy that offers standard cost sharing. The Provider and Pharmacy Directory  will tell you which of the 
network pharmacies offer preferred cost sharing. Contact us to find out more about how your out-of-pocket costs could vary for different 
drugs.
What if the pharmacy you have been using leaves the network?
If the pharmacy you have been using leaves the plan’s network, you will have to find a new pharmacy that is in the network.  Or if 
the pharmacy you have been using stays within the network but is no longer offering preferred cost sharing, you may want to 
switch to a different network or preferred pharmacy, if available . To find another pharmacy in your area, you can get  help from 
Customer  Service  or use the Provider  and Pharmacy Directory . You can also find information  on our website  at 
www.cignamedicare.com .
What if you need a specialized pharmacy?
Some prescriptions must be filled at a specialized pharmacy. Specialized pharmacies include:
· Pharmacies that supply drugs for home infusion therapy.
· Pharmacies that supply drugs for residents of a long-term care (LTC) facility. Usually, an LTC facility (such as a nursing 
home) has its own pharmacy. If you have any difficulty accessing your Part D benefits in an LTC facility, please contact 
Customer Service.