2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 1.     Getting started as a member7
Section 3.3        The Provider and Pharmacy Directory : Your guide to pharmacies in our network
The Provider and Pharmacy Directory  (www.CignaMedicare.com/resources)  lists our network pharmacies. Network pharmacies  
are all of  the pharmacies that have agreed to fill covered prescriptions for our plan members. You can use the Provider and 
Pharmacy Directory to find the network pharmacy you want to use. See Chapter 5, Section 2.5 for information on when you can 
use pharmacies that are not in the plan’s network.
The Provider and Pharmacy Directory  will also tell you which of the pharmacies in our network have preferred cost sharing, which 
may be lower than the standard cost sharing offered by other network pharmacies for some drugs.
If you don’t have the Provider and Pharmacy Directory , you can get a copy from Customer Service. You can also find this 
information on our website at www.cignamedicare.com , or download it from this website. Both Customer Service and the website 
can give you the most up-to-date information about changes in our network pharmacies.
Section 3.4        The plan’s List of Covered Drugs (Formulary)
The plan has a List of Covered Drugs (Formulary) . We call it the Drug List for  short. It tells which Part D prescription drugs are 
covered under the Part D benefit included in our plan. The drugs on this list are selected by the plan with the help of a team of 
doctors and pharmacists. The list must meet requirements set by Medicare. Medicare has approved the plan Drug List.
The Drug List also tells you if there are any rules that restrict coverage for your drugs.
We will provide you a copy of the Drug List. The Drug List we provide you includes information for the covered drugs that are most 
commonly used  by our members. However, we cover additional drugs that are not included in the provided Drug List. If one of 
your drugs is not listed in the Drug List, you should visit our website or contact Customer Service to find out if we cover it. To get 
the most complete and current information about which drugs are covered, you can visit the plan’s website 
(www.cignamedicare.com ) or call Customer Service.
SECTION 4        Your monthly costs for your plan
Your costs may include the following:
· Plan Premium (Section 4.1)
· Monthly Medicare Part B Premium (Section  4.2)
· Part D Late Enrollment Penalty (Section 4.3)
· Income Related Monthly Adjusted Amount (Section  4.4)
· Medicare Prescription Payment Plan Amount (Section  4.5)
Section 4.1        Plan premium
You do not pay a separate monthly plan premium for your plan.
Section 4.2         Monthly Medicare Part B Premium
Many members are required to pay other Medicare premiums
You must continue paying your Medicare premiums to remain a member of the plan . This includes your premium for Part B. 
It may also include a premium for Part A , which affects members who aren’t eligible for premium -free Part A.
Section  4.3        Part D Late Enrollment Penalty
Some members are required to pay a Part D late enrollment penalty. The Part D late enrollment penalty is an additional premium 
that must be paid for Part D coverage if at any time after your initial enrollment period is over, there is a period of 63 days or more 
in a row when you did not have Part D or other creditable prescription drug coverage. Creditable prescription drug coverage is 
coverage that meets Medicare’s minimum standards since it is expected to pay, on average, at least as much as Medicare’s 
standard prescription drug coverage. The cost of the late enrollment penalty depends on how long you went without Part D or 
other creditable prescription drug coverage. You will have to pay this penalty for as long as you have Part D coverage.