542025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
o The evaluation isn’t related to an office visit in the past 7 days and
o The evaluation doesn’t lead to an office visit within 24 hours or the soonest 
available appointment
· Consultation your doctor has with other doctors by phone, internet, or electronic 
health record
· Second opinion  by another network provider  prior to surgery
· Non-routine dental care (covered services are limited to surgery of the jaw or 
related structures, setting fractures of the jaw or facial bones, extraction of teeth to 
prepare the jaw for radiation treatments of neoplastic cancer disease, or services 
that would be covered when provided by a physician)
· Wound care services (including clinic) are provided to manage acute and chronic 
wounds through debridement, local wound care and specialized dressings.
Medicare covers services provided by other health providers, such as physician 
assistants, nurse practitioners, social workers, physical therapists, and psychologists. 
Health professional means—
· a physician who is a doctor of medicine or osteopathy; or
· a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist; or
· a medical professional (including a health educator, a registered dietitian, or 
nutrition professional, or other licensed practitioner) or a team of such medical 
professionals, working under the direct supervision of a physician
Note: Costs for services provided by other health providers (such as a nurse practitioner 
or physician assistant) will be based on the supervising physician’s specialty. For 
example, if you are seeing a nurse practitioner and the supervising physician is a PCP, 
you will pay the PCP cost. If you are seeing a nurse practitioner and supervising 
physician is a Specialist, you will pay the Specialist cost.
If your provider bills us as part of a hospital system, you may also be responsible for the 
outpatient hospital setting cost-share for the services. Cost-share for other services 
performed in an outpatient setting are outlined in this chapter.  Please check with your 
provider prior to scheduling services to see if the site is identified as part of a hospital.
Podiatry services  (Medicare-covered)
Covered services include:
· Diagnosis and the medically necessary treatment of injuries and diseases of the 
feet (such as hammer toe, bunion deformities or heel spurs)
· Routine foot care for members with certain medical conditions affecting the lower 
limbs$15 copayment  for each Medicare-
covered podiatry visit
  Prostate cancer screening exams
For men age d 50 and older, covered services include the following – once every 12 
months:
· Digital rectal exam
· Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA) testThere is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for an annual PSA test.
Prosthetic and orthotic devices and related supplies Prior authorization may be required. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services