522025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
cost sharing amounts for outpatient surgery. Even if you stay in the hospital overnight, 
you might still be considered an outpatient.$350  copayment  for all other 
Outpatient Services not provided in an 
Ambulatory Surgical Center.
$0 or $300  copayment  for each 
Medicare-covered ambulatory surgical 
center visit. $0 copayment  for any 
surgical procedures (i.e., polyp 
removal) during a colorectal screening . 
$300  copayment  for all other 
Ambulatory Surgical Center (ASC) 
services.
Over -the-Counter Items and Services
The Over-the-Counter (OTC) allowance will be applied to your Cigna Heathy Today card 
each quarter. You can spend this allowance any time during the quarter it is received.  
You can purchase approved items online or by phone or mail through the Cigna Healthy 
Today website, Service Center or catalog. You can also purchase approved OTC items  
through our online retailer or in store, at participating retail locations. 
The OTC allowance applies to a specified quarterly amount and does not carry over to 
the next quarter or the following year. Exceptions may apply. Some OTC items require a 
doctor’s recommendation for a specific diagnosable condition. Catalog orders limited to 
one per customer per month.
Visit CignaHealthyToday.com to check your card balance or to see our list of covered 
OTC items and participating retail locations. 
For more information contact the Cigna Healthy Today Service Center at 
1-866-851-1579 (TTY 711).$70 every 3 months  for approved 
over-the-counter drugs and other 
health -related pharmacy products.
Customer is responsible for all costs 
over and above the allowance amount.
Partial hospitalization services  and Intensive outpatient services
Partial hospitalization is a structured program of active psychiatric treatment provided a 
hospital outpatient service or by a community mental health center, that is more intense 
than the care received in your doctor’s,  therapist’s, licensed marriage and family 
therapist’s (LMFT), or licensed professional counselor’s office and is an alternative to 
inpatient hospitalization.
Intensive outpatient service is a structured program of active behavioral (mental) health 
therapy treatment provided in a hospital outpatient department, a community mental 
health center, a Federally qualified health center, or a rural health clinic that is more 
intense than the care received in your  doctor’s, therapist’s, licensed marriage and family 
therapist’s (LMFT), or licensed professional counselor’s office,  but less intense than 
partial hospitalization.Prior authorization may be required.
$105  copayment  for Medicare-covered 
partial hospitalization program services  
and intensive outpatient services
Physician/Practitioner services, including doctor’s office visits
Covered services include:
· Medically necessary medical care or surgery services furnished in a physician’s 
office, certified ambulatory surgical center, hospital outpatient department, or any 
other location
· Consultation, diagnosis, and treatment by a specialistPrior authorization may be required.
$0 copayment  for each Medicare-
covered primary care physician visit
$15 copayment  for each Medicare-
covered specialist  visit. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services