2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)47
cover certain services you receive while you are in the hospital or the skilled nursing 
facility (SNF). Covered services include, but are not limited to:
· Physician services
· Diagnostic tests (like lab tests)
· X-ray, radium, and isotope therapy including technician materials and services
· Surgical dressings
· Splints, casts , and other devices used to reduce fractures and dislocations
· Prosthetics and orthotics devices (other than dental) that replace all or part of an 
internal body organ (including contiguous tissue), or all or part of the function of a 
permanently inoperative or malfunctioning internal body organ, including 
replacement or repairs of such devices
· Leg, arm, back, and neck braces; trusses, and artificial legs, arms, and eyes 
including adjustments, repairs, and replacements required because of breakage, 
wear, loss, or a change in the patient’s physical condition
· Physical therapy, speech therapy, and occupational therapythis section of this Evidence of 
Coverage .
  Medical nutrition therapy
This benefit is for people with diabetes, renal (kidney) disease (but not on dialysis), or 
after a kidney transplant when  ordered by your doctor.
We cover 3 hours of one -on-one counseling services during your first year that you 
receive medical nutrition therapy services under Medicare (this includes our plan, any 
other Medicare Advantage plan, or Original Medicare), and 2 hours each year after that. 
If your condition, treatment, or diagnosis changes, you may be able to receive more 
hours of treatment with a physician’s order.  A physician must prescribe these services 
and renew their order  yearly if your treatment is needed into the next calendar year.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for members eligible for 
Medicare-covered medical nutrition 
therapy services.
  Medicare Diabetes Prevention Program (MDPP)
MDPP services will be covered for eligible Medicare beneficiaries under all Medicare 
health plans.
MDPP is a structured health behavior change intervention that provides practical training 
in long-term dietary change, increased physical activity, and problem-solving strategies 
for overcoming challenges to sustaining weight loss and a healthy lifestyle.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the MDPP benefit.
Medicare Part B prescription drugs
These drugs are covered under Part B of Original Medicare. Members of our plan 
receive coverage for these drugs through our plan. Covered drugs include:
· Drugs that usually aren’t self-administered by the patient and are injected or 
infused while you are getting physician, hospital outpatient, or ambulatory surgical 
center services
· Insulin furnished through an item of durable medical equipment (such as a 
medically necessary insulin pump)
· Other drugs  you take using durable medical equipment (such as nebulizers) that 
were authorized by the pla n
· The Alzheimer’s drug, Leqembi®, (generic name lecanemab), which is 
administered intravenously. In addition to medication costs, you may need Prior authorization may be required.
Medicare Part B drugs may be subject 
to step therapy requirements.
0 - 20% coinsurance; up to $35 for 
Medicare-covered Part B insulin drugs. 
You will pay no more than $35 for one-
month’s supply of covered insulin. Any 
plan deductible does not apply. 
0 - 20%  coinsurance for Medicare-
covered Part B Chemotherapy /
Radiation drugs Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services