402025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
Based on the results of these tests, you may be eligible for up to two diabetes 
screenings every 12 months .
Diabetes self-management training, diabetic services and supplies
For all people who have diabetes (insulin and non-insulin users). Covered services 
include:
·Supplies to monitor your blood glucose: Blood glucose monitor, blood glucose test
strips.
·Lancet devices and lancets, and glucose-control solutions for checking the
accuracy of test strips and monitors.
·For people with diabetes who have severe diabetic foot disease: One pair per
calendar year of therapeutic custom-molded shoes (including inserts provided with
such shoes) and two additional pairs of inserts, or one pair of depth shoes and
three pairs of inserts (not including the non-customized removable inserts
provided with such shoes). Coverage includes fitting.
·Diabetes self-management training is covered under certain conditions.
Preferred brands of blood glucose monitors include:
·Abbott Diabetes Care: Freestyle Lite, FreeStyle Freedom Lite, FreeStyle Precision  
Neo, FreeStyle Libre 2 (CGM), FreeStyle Libre 3 (CGM) and FreeStyle Libre 14-
Day (CGM)
·LifeScan Diabetes Care: OneTouch Ultra 2 and OneTouch Verio Flex 
·Dexcom: Dexcom G6 (CGM) and Dexcom G7 (CGM)
Note:  Syringes and needles are covered under our Part D benefit. Please refer to 
Chapter 6 of this Evidence of Coverage  for cost sharing information.Prior authorization may be required.
$0 copayment for preferred brand 
Medicare-covered diabetic monitoring 
supplies. Non-preferred brands are not 
covered  unless medically necessary.
You are eligible for one preferred 
brand glucose monitor and one 
preferred brand continuous glucose 
monitoring device every two years. 
You are also eligible for 200 preferred 
brand glucose test strips or three 
preferred brand sensors per 30-day 
period depending on your monitor.
20% coinsurance  for Medicare-
covered therapeutic shoes and inserts
$0 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
diabetes self-management training
Durable medical equipment (DME) and related supplies
(For a definition of durable medical equipment, see Chapter 12 as well as Chapter 3 
Section 7 of this document .)
Covered items include, but are not limited to: wheelchairs, crutches, powered mattress 
systems, diabetic supplies, hospital beds ordered by a provider for use in the home, IV 
infusion pumps, speech generating devices, oxygen equipment, nebulizers, and 
walkers.
We cover all medically necessary DME covered by Original Medicare. If our supplier in 
your area does not carry a particular brand or manufacturer, you may ask them if they 
can special order it for you. Prior authorization may be required for special orders. The 
most recent list of suppliers is available on our website at www.cignamedicare.com.Prior authorization is required for all 
Medicare-covered rental items, 
including oxygen equipment.
There are a limited number of DME 
items where the total rental price 
cannot exceed the purchase price 
and once that amount has been 
paid you will no longer pay for that 
item.
20% coinsurance  for 
Medicare -covered items
Your cost sharing for Medicare oxygen 
equipment coverage is 20% 
coinsurance  every month.
After 36 months, you should no longer 
have a coinsurance for the oxygen 
equipment. The equipment is eligible 
for replacement after the maximum 
expected useful life of 5 years, unless  Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services