2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs67
A brand name drug is a prescription drug that is sold under a trademarked name owned by the drug manufacturer. Biological 
products are drugs that are more complex than typical drugs. On the Drug List, when we refer to drugs , this could mean a drug or 
a biological product.
A generic drug is a prescription drug that has the same active ingredients as the brand name drug. Biological products have 
alternatives that are called biosimilars. Generally,  generics and biosimilars work just as well as the brand name drug or original 
biological product and usually cost less. There are generic drug substitutes available for many brand name drugs and  biosimilar 
alternatives for  some original biological products. Some biosimilars are interchangeable biosimilars and, depending on state law, 
may be substituted for the original biological product at the pharmacy without needing a new prescription, just like generic drugs 
can be substituted for brand name drugs.
See Chapter 12 for definitions of the types of drugs that may be on the Drug List.
What is not on the Drug List?
The plan does not cover all prescription drugs.
· In some cases, the law does not allow any Medicare plan to cover certain types of drugs (for more information about this, 
see Section 7.1 in this chapter).
· In other cases, we have decided not to include a particular drug on the Drug List . In some cases, you may be able to obtain 
a drug that is not on the Drug List. For more information, please see Chapter 9.
Section 3.2        There are 5 cost sharing tiers for drugs on the Drug List
Every drug on the plan’s Drug List  is in one of 5 cost sharing tiers. In general, the higher the cost sharing tier, the higher your cost 
for the drug:
Cost-Sharing Tier Drugs Included in Cost-Sharing Tier
Lowest Cost-Sharing Tier 1 Preferred Generic Drugs
2 Generic Drugs
3 Preferred Brand  Drugs
4 Non-Preferred Drugs
Highest Cost-Sharing Tier 5 Specialty Drugs
To find out which cost sharing tier your drug is in, look it up in the plan’s Drug List.
The amount you pay for drugs in each cost sharing tier is shown in Chapter 6 ( What you pay for your Part D prescription drugs).
Section 3. 3        How can you find out if a specific drug is on the Drug List ?
You have four ways to find out:
1. Check the most recent Drug List  we provided electronically. (Please note: The Drug List  we provide includes information for 
the covered drugs that are most commonly used by our members. However, we cover additional drugs that are not included 
in the provided Drug List. If one of your drugs is not listed in the Drug List, you should visit our website or contact Customer 
Service to find out if we cover it.)
2. Visit the plan’s website ( www.cignamedicare.com ). The Drug List  on the website is always the most current.
3. Call Customer Service to find out if a particular drug is on the plan’s Drug List  or to ask for a copy of the list.
4. Use the plan’s “Real-Time Benefit Tool ” (cigna.com/member-resources, then select “Find a Drug or Pharmacy ” or by calling 
Customer Service). With this tool you can search for drugs on the Drug List  to see an estimate of what you will pay and if 
there are alternative drugs on the Drug List  that could treat the same condition.