2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)33
SECTION 1        Understanding your out-of-pocket costs for covered services
This chapter provides a Medical Benefits Chart that lists your covered services and shows how much you will pay for each covered 
service as a member of our plan. Later in this chapter, you can find information about medical services that are not covered. It also 
explains limits on certain services. 
Section 1.1        Types of out-of-pocket costs you may pay for your covered services
To understand the payment information we give you in this chapter, you need to know about the types of out-of-pocket costs you 
may pay for your covered services.
· Copayment  is the fixed amount you pay each time you receive certain medical services. You pay a copayment at the time 
you get the medical service. (The Medical Benefits Chart in Section 2 tells you more about your copayments.)
· Coinsurance  is the percentage you pay of the total cost of certain medical services. You pay a coinsurance at the time you 
get the medical service. (The Medical Benefits Chart in Section 2 tells you more about your coinsurance.)
Most people who qualify for Medicaid or for the Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB) program should never pay deductibles, 
copayments or coinsurance. Be sure to show your proof of Medicaid or QMB eligibility to your provider, if applicable.
Section 1. 2        What is the most you will pay for Medicare Part A and Part B covered medical services?
Because you are enrolled in a Medicare Advantage Plan, there is a limit on the total amount you have to pay out -of-pocket each 
year for in-network medical services that are covered under Medicare Part A and Part B. This limit is called the maximum 
out-of-pocket (MOOP) amount for medical services. For calendar year 2025 this amount is $5,800 .
The amounts you pay for copayments and coinsurance  for in -network covered services count toward this maximum out -of-pocket 
amount. The amounts you pay for your Part D prescription drugs do not count toward your maximum out -of-pocket amount. In 
addition, amounts you pay for some services do not count toward your maximum out -of-pocket amount. These services are 
italicized in the Medical Benefits Chart. If you reach the maximum out-of-pocket amount of $5,800  you will not have to pay any out-
of-pocket costs for the rest of the year for in-network covered Part A and Part B services. However, you must continue to pay the 
Medicare Part B premium (unless your Part B premium is paid for you by Medicaid or another third party).
Section 1. 3        Our plan does not allow providers to balance bill you
As a member of our plan, an important protection for you is that  you only have to pay your cost sharing amount when you get 
services covered by our plan. Providers may not add additional separate charges, called balance billing.  This protection applies 
even if we pay the provider less than the provider charges for a service and even if there is a dispute and we don’t pay certain 
provider charges.
Here is how this protection works.
· If your cost sharing is a copayment (a set amount of dollars, for example, $15.00), then you pay only that amount for any 
covered services from a network provider.
· If your cost sharing is a coinsurance (a percentage of the total charges), then you never pay more than that percentage. 
However, your cost depends on which type of provider you see:
o If you receive the covered services from a network provider, you pay the coinsurance percentage multiplied by the plan’s 
reimbursement rate (as determined in the contract between the provider and the plan).
o If you receive the covered services from an out-of-network provider who participates with Medicare, you pay the 
coinsurance percentage multiplied by the Medicare payment rate for participating providers. (Remember, the plan covers 
services from out-of-network providers only in certain situations, such as when you get a referral or for emergencies or 
urgently needed services.)
o If you receive the covered services from an out-of-network provider who does not participate with Medicare, you pay the 
coinsurance percentage multiplied by the Medicare payment rate for non-participating providers. (Remember, the plan 
covers services from out-of-network providers only in certain situations, such as when you get a referral or for 
emergencies or outside the service area for urgently needed services.)