2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs69
Section 5.2        What can you do if your drug is not on the Drug List  or if the drug is restricted in some way?
If your drug is not on the Drug List  or is restricted, here are options:
· You may be able to get a temporary supply of the drug.
· You can change to another drug.
· You can request an exception  and ask the plan to cover the drug or remove restrictions from the drug.
You may be able to get a temporary supply
Under certain circumstances, the plan must provide a temporary supply of a drug that you are already taking. This temporary 
supply gives you time to talk with your provider about the change.
To be eligible for a temporary supply, the drug you have been taking must no longer be on the plan’s Drug List  OR is now 
restricted in some way .
· If you are a new member we will cover a temporary supply of your drug during the first 90 days  of your membership in the 
plan.
· If you were in the plan last year, we will cover a temporary supply of your drug during the first 90 days of the calendar 
year.
· This temporary supply will be for a maximum of a 30-day supply. If you prescription is written for fewer days, we will allow 
multiple fills to provide up to a maximum of a 30-day supply of medication. The prescription must be filled at a network 
pharmacy. (Please note that the long-term care pharmacy may provide the drug in smaller amounts at a time to prevent 
waste.)
· For those members who have been in the plan for more than 90 days and reside in a long-term care facility and 
need a supply right away:
We will cover one 31-day emergency supply of a particular drug, or less if your prescription is written for fewer days. This is 
in addition to the above temporary supply.
· In order to accommodate unexpected transitions of members without time for advanced planning, such as level-of-
care changes due to discharge from a hospital to a nursing facility or to a home, we will cover a temporary 30-day 
supply.
For questions about a temporary supply, call Customer Service.
During the time when you are getting a temporary supply of a drug, you should talk with your provider to decide what to 
do when your temporary supply runs out. You have two options:
1) You can change to another drug
Talk with your provider about whether there is a different drug covered by the plan that may work just as well for you. You can call 
Custom er Service to ask for a list of covered drugs that treat the same medical condition. This list can help your provider find a 
covered drug that might work for you.
2) You can ask for an exception
You and your provider can ask the plan to make an exception and cover the drug in the way you would like it covered.  If 
your provider says that you have medical reasons that justify asking us for an exception, your provider can help you request an 
exception. For example, you can ask the plan to cover a drug even though it is not on the plan’s Drug List. Or you can ask the plan 
to make an exception and cover the drug without restrictions.
If you and your provider want to ask for an exception, Chapter 9, Section 6.4 tells what to do.  It explains the procedures 
and deadlines that have been set by Medicare to make sure your request is handled promptly and fairly.
Section 5.3        What can you do if your drug is in a cost sharing tier you think is too high?
If you drug is in a cost-sharing tier you think is too high, here are things you can do:
You can change to another drug