2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 2.    Important phone numbers and resources17
SECTION 3        State Health Insurance Assistance Program  
(free help, information, and answers to your questions about Medicare)
The State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) is a government program with trained counselors in every state. In 
Virginia , the SHIP is called Virginia Insurance Counseling & Assistance Program (VICAP) .
Virginia Insurance Counseling & Assistance Program (VICAP)  is an independent (not connected with any insurance company or 
health plan) state program that gets money from the Federal government to give free local health insurance counseling to people 
with Medicare.
Virginia Insurance Counseling & Assistance Program (VICAP)  counselors can help you understand your Medicare rights, help you 
make complaints about your medical care or treatment, and help you straighten out problems with your Medicare bills. Virginia 
Insurance Counseling & Assistance Program (VICAP)  counselors can also help you with Medicare questions or problems and help 
you understand your Medicare plan choices and answer questions about switching plans.
METHOD TO ACCESS SHIP and OTHER RESOURCES:
§ Visit https://www.shiphelp.org  (Click on SHIP LOCATOR in middle of page)
§ Select your STATE  from the list. This will take you to a page with phone numbers and resources specific to your state.
Method Virginia Insurance Counseling & Assistance Program (VICAP)  – Contact Information
CALL 1-804-662-9333 or 1-800-552-3402
TTY 711
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties with hearing or 
speaking.
WRITE Virginia Insurance Counseling & Assistance Program (VICAP), Office for Aging Services, Division for 
Community Living, 1610 Forest Avenue, Suite 100, Henrico, VA 23229
WEBSITE https://www.vda.virginia.gov/vicap.htm
SECTION 4        Quality Improvement Organization 
There is a designated Quality Improvement Organization for serving Medicare beneficiaries in each state. For Virginia , the Quality 
Improvement Organization is called Livanta .
Livanta  has a group of doctors and other health care professionals who are paid by Medicare to check on and help improve the 
quality of care for people with Medicare. Livanta  is an independent organization. It is not connected with our plan.
You should contact Livanta  in any of these situations:
· You have a complaint about the quality of care you have received.
· You think coverage for your hospital stay is ending too soon.
· You think coverage for your home health care, skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation 
Facility (CORF) services are ending too soon.