422025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
Health and wellness education programs
Health Education
You have access to video and written content on a variety of health and wellness topics 
online at myCigna.com .$0 copayment  for online health  
education
Hearing services (Medicare-covered)
Diagnostic hearing and balance evaluations performed by your provider to determine if 
you need medical treatment are covered as outpatient care when furnished by a 
physician, audiologist, or other qualified provider.$15 copayment  for Medicare -covered 
diagnostic hearing exams
A separate PCP/Specialist cost share 
may apply if additional services 
requiring cost sharing are rendered.
Hearing services  (Routine)
This plan covers the following routine hearing services :
· up to one routine hearing exam every year
· fitting evaluation for a hearing aid(s)
· hearing aid(s)
Hearing aid evaluations are part of the routine hearing exam. Multiple fittings are 
allowed with the original provider if necessary to ensure hearing aids are accurately 
fitted. A routine hearing exam needs to be performed prior to hearing aids being 
dispensed. Hearing aid devices are limited to those worn externally and do not include 
assisted listening devices, amplifiers or disposable devices.
Customers are required to contact Cigna Healthcare's hearing vendor to access the 
routine hearing exam and hearing aid benefits. A 60-day evaluation period is granted to 
determine the effectiveness of a hearing aid. A 4-year supply of batteries (up to 256 
cells per hearing aid) is included with a hearing aid that is acquired through Cigna 
Healthcare's hearing vendor. Hearing aids purchased from anyone outside Cigna 
Healthcare’s hearing vendor will not be covered. Over-the-counter hearing aid devices 
are not covered.
For more information on your routine hearing benefits,  contact Cigna Healthcare's 
hearing vendor at 1-866-872-1001 (TTY 711) .$0 copayment for one routine hearing 
exam  every year
$0 copayment for one fitting evaluatio n 
for hearing aid every year
$399 - $1,800 copayment per device 
for Hearing Aids. 
Limited to two (2) devices every year. 
Actual cost-share will depend on 
hearing aid selected.
  HIV screening
For people who ask for an HIV screening test or who are at increased risk for HIV 
infection, we cover:
· One screening exam every 12 months
For women who are pregnant, we cover:
· Up to three screening exams during a pregnancyThere is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for members eligible for 
Medicare-covered preventive HIV 
screening.
Home-Delivered Meals
When released from an approved inpatient hospital stay or skilled nursing facility, 
customers  can get 14 healthy , medical diet appropriate, frozen meals delivered to their 
home. This benefit is available up to  three (3 ) times each year. Releases from an 
emergency department, observation stay or outpatient visit are not eligible. Customers  
meeting this requirement will receive a call from Cigna  Healthcare 's meal provider to 
schedule delivery.$0 copayment for the home delivered 
meals benefit
$0 copayment for 56 meals over 28 
days, once each year for ESRD 
customers Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services