1262025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 12. Definitions of important words
or drugs are covered; (2) any fixed copayment amount that a plan requires when a specific service or drug is received; or (3) any 
“coinsurance ” amount, a percentage of the total amount paid for a service or drug, that a plan requires when a specific service or 
drug is received.
Cost Sharing Tier  – Every drug on the list of covered drugs is in one of 5 Tiers  cost sharing tiers. In general, the higher the cost 
sharing tier, the higher your cost for the drug.
Coverage  Determination  – A decision  about  whether  a drug prescribed  for you is covered  by the plan and the amount,  if any,
you are required to pay for the prescription. In general, if you bring your prescription to a pharmacy and the pharmacy tells you 
the prescription isn’t covered under your plan, that isn’t a coverage determination. You need to call or write to your plan to ask for 
a formal decision about the coverage. Coverage determinations are called coverage decisions  in this  document .
Covered Drugs – The term we use to mean all of the prescription drugs covered by our plan.
Covered Services – The term we use to mean all of the health care services and supplies that are covered by our plan.
Creditable Prescription Drug Coverage – Prescription drug coverage (for example, from an employer or union) that is expected 
to pay, on average, at least as much as Medicare’s standard prescription drug coverage. People who have this kind of coverage 
when they become eligible for Medicare can generally keep that coverage without paying a penalty, if they decide to enroll in 
Medicare prescription drug coverage later.
Custodial Care – Custodial care is personal care provided in a nursing home, hospice, or other facility setting when you do not 
need skilled medical care or skilled nursing care. Custodial care, provided by people who do  not have professional skills or training, 
includes  help with activities of daily living like bathing, dressing, eating, getting in or out of a bed or chair, moving around, and using 
the bathroom. It may also include the kind of health-related care that most people do themselves, like using eye drops. Medicare 
doesn’t pay for custodial care.
Customer  Service  – A department  within  our plan responsible  for answering  your questions  about  your membership,  benefits, 
grievances,  and appeals .
Daily Cost -Sharing Rate – A daily cost -sharing rate  may apply when your doctor prescribes less than a full month’s supply of 
certain drugs for you and you are required to pay a copayment. A daily cost -sharing rate is the copayment divided by the number 
of days in a month’s supply. Here is an example: If your copayment for a one -month supply of a drug is $30, and a one -month’s 
supply in your plan is 30 days, then your daily cost sharing rate is $1 per day. 
Deductible – The amount you must pay for health care or prescriptions before our plan pay s.
Disenroll or Disenrollment – The process of ending your membership in our plan. 
Dispensing Fee – A fee charged each time a covered drug is dispensed to pay for the cost of filling a prescription, such as the 
pharmacist’s time to prepare and package the prescription.
Dual Eligible Special Needs Plans (D-SNP) – D-SNPs enroll individuals who are entitled to both Medicare (Title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act) and medical assistance from a state plan under Medicaid (Title XIX). States cover some Medicare costs, 
depending on the state and the individual’s eligibility.
Durable Medical Equipment (DME) – Certain medical equipment that is ordered by your doctor for medical reasons. Examples 
include: walkers, wheelchairs, crutches, powered mattress systems, diabetic supplies, IV infusion pumps, speech generating 
devices, oxygen equipment, nebulizers, or hospital beds ordered by a provider for use in the home.
Emergency – A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average knowledge of health and 
medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that require immediate medical attention to prevent loss of life (and, if you are a 
pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of a limb, or loss of function of a limb, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily 
function. The medical symptoms may be an illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that is quickly getting worse.
Emergency Care – Covered services that are: 1) provided by a provider qualified to furnish emergency services; and 2) needed to 
treat, evaluate, or stabilize an emergency medical condition.
Evidence of Coverage (EOC) and Disclosure Information – This document, along with your enrollment form and any other 
attachments, riders, or other optional coverage selected, which explains your coverage, what we must do, your rights, and what 
you have to do as a member of our plan.
Exception – A type of coverage decision that, if approved, allows you to get a drug that is not on our formulary (a formulary 
exception), or get a non-preferred drug at a lower cost sharing level (a tiering exception). You may also request an exception if our 