1282025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 12. Definitions of important words
Manufacturer Discount Program – A program under which drug manufacturers pay a portion of the plan’s full cost for covered 
Part D brand name drugs and biologics . Discounts are based on agreements between the Federal government and drug 
manufacturers.
Maximum Out -of-Pocket Amount – The most that you pay out-of-pocket during the calendar year for in -network covered Part A 
and Part B services. Amounts you pay for your Medicare Part A and Part B premiums and prescription drugs  do not count toward the 
maximum out -of-pocket amount. 
Medicaid (or Medical Assistance) – A joint Federal and state program that helps with medical costs for some people with low 
incomes and limited resources.  State  Medicaid programs vary , but most health care costs are covered if you qualify for both 
Medicare and Medicaid.
Medical Group – An association of primary care physicians (PCPs), specialists and/or ancillary providers (such as therapists and 
radiologists) that the plan contracts with to provide care as one unit. Medical groups can be a single specialty (e.g., all PCPs) or 
multispecialty (e.g., PCPs and specialists). See Chapter 1, Section 6 for information about Medical Groups.
Medically Accepted Indication – A use of a drug that is either approved by the Food and Drug Administration or supported by 
certain reference s, such as the American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information and the Micromedex DRUGDEX 
Information system.
Medically Necessary – Services, supplies, or drugs that are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of your medical 
condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
Medicare – The Federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people under age 65 with certain  
disabilities, and people with End-Stage  Renal Disease (generally those with permanent kidney failure who need dialysis or a 
kidne y transplant ).
Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period – The time period from January 1 to March 31 when members in a Medicare 
Advantage plan can cancel their plan enrollment and switch to another Medicare Advantage plan, or obtain coverage through 
Original Medicare. If you choose to switch to Original Medicare during this period, you can also join a separate Medicare 
prescription drug plan at that time. The Medicare Advantage Open Enrollment Period is also available for a 3 -month period after 
an individual is first eligible for Medicare.
Medicare Advantage (MA) Plan  – Sometimes called Medicare Part C. A plan offered by a private company that contracts with 
Medicare to provide you with all your Medicare Part A and Part B benefits. A Medicare Advantage Plan can be i) an HMO, ii) a 
PPO, iii) a Private Fee-for-Service (PFFS) plan, or iv) a Medicare Medical Savings Account (MSA) plan. Besides choosing from 
these  types of plans, a Medicare Advantage HMO or PPO plan can also be a Special Needs Plan (SNP). In most cases, Medicare 
Advantage Plans also offer Medicare Part D (prescription drug coverage). These plans are called Medicare Advantage Plans 
with Prescription Drug Coverage.
Medicare  Cost Plan – A Medicare Cost Plan is a plan operated by a Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) or Competitive 
Medical  Plan (CMP) in accordance with a cost-reimbursed contract under section 1876(h) of the Act.
Medicare -Covered Services  – Services covered by Medicare Part A and Part B. All Medicare health plans must cover all of the 
services that are covered by Medicare Part A and B. The term Medicare -Covered Services does not include the extra benefits, 
such as vision, dental , or hearing, that a Medicare Advantage plan may offer.
Medicare Health Plan  – A Medicare health plan is offered by a private company that contracts with Medicare to provide Part A 
and Part B benefits to people with Medicare who enroll in the plan. This term includes all Medicare Advantage Plans, Medicare 
Cost Plans, Special Needs Plans, Demonstration/Pilot Programs, and Programs of All -inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE).
Medicare Prescription Drug Coverage (Medicare Part D) – Insurance to help pay for outpatient prescription drugs, vaccines, 
biologicals, and some supplies not covered by Medicare Part A or Part B.
Medigap (Medicare Supplement Insurance) Policy – Medicare supplement insurance sold by private insurance companies to fill 
gaps  in Original Medicare. Medigap policies only work with Original Medicare. (A Medicare Advantage Plan is not a Medigap 
policy.)
Member (Member of our Plan, or Plan Member) – A person with Medicare who is eligible to get covered services, who has 
enrolled in our plan, and whose enrollment has been confirmed by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).
Network Pharmacy – A pharmacy that contracts with our plan  where members of our plan can get their prescription drug benefits. 