302025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 3.     Using the plan for your medical services
· Non-excepted  medical care or treatment is any medical care or treatment that is voluntary  and not required by any federal, 
state, or local law.   
· Excepted  medical treatment is medical care or treatment that you get that is not voluntary or is required  under federal, state, 
or local law.
To be covered by our plan, the care you get from a  religious non-medical health care institution must meet the following conditions:
· The facility providing the care must be certified by Medicare.
· Our plan’s coverage of services you receive is limited to non-religious  aspects of care.
· If you get services from this institution that are provided to you in a facility, the following conditions apply:
o You must  have  a medical  condition  that would  allow  you to receive  covered  services  for inpatient  hospital  care or skilled 
nursing facility  care.
o — and — you must  get approval  in advance  from our plan before  you are admitted  to the facility,  or your stay will not be  
covered.
Medicare Inpatient Hospital coverage limits apply (please refer to the Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4).
SECTION 7        Rules for ownership of durable medical equipment
Section 7.1        Will you own the durable medical equipment after making a certain number of payments under our 
plan?
Durable medical equipment (DME) includes items such as oxygen equipment and supplies, wheelchairs, walkers, powered 
mattress systems, crutches, diabetic supplies, speech generating devices, IV infusion pumps, nebulizers, and hospital beds 
ordered by a provider for use in the home. The member always owns certain items, such as prosthetics. In this section, we discuss 
other types of DME that you must rent.
In Original Medicare, people who rent certain types of DME own the equipment after paying copayments for the item for 13 
months. As a member of our plan, however, you usually will not acquire ownership of rented DME items no matter how many 
copayments you make for the item while a member of our plan , even if you made up to 12 consecutive payments for the DME item 
under Original Medicare before you joined our plan. Under certain limited circumstances we will transfer ownership of the DME 
item to you. Call Customer Service for more information.
What happens to payments you made for durable medical equipment if you switch to Original Medicare?
If you did not acquire ownership of the DME item while in our plan, you will have to make 13 new consecutive payments after you 
switch to Original Medicare in order to own the item. The payments made while enrolled in your plan do not count.
Example 1: You made 12 or fewer consecutive payments for the item in Original Medicare and then joined our plan. The payments 
you made in Original Medicare do not count. 
Example 2: You made 12 or fewer consecutive payments for the item in Original Medicare and then joined our plan. You were in 
our plan but did not obtain ownership while in our plan. You then go back to Original Medicare. You will have to make 13 
consecutive new payments once you join Original Medicare again. All previous payments (whether to our plan or to Original 
Medicare do not count.
Section 7.2        Rules for oxygen equipment, supplies, and maintenance
What oxygen benefits are you entitled to?
If you qualify for Medicare oxygen equipment coverage, our plan will cover:
· Rental of oxygen equipment
· Delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents
· Tubing and related oxygen accessories for the delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents
· Maintenance and repairs of oxygen equipment
If you leave our plan or no longer medically require oxygen equipment, then the oxygen equipment must be returned.