2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 3.     Using the plan for your medical services29
Although you do not need to get our plan’s permission to be in a clinical research study, covered for Medicare Advantage enrollees 
by Original Medicare,  we encourage you to notify us in advance when you choose to participate in Medicare-qualified clinical trials.
If you participate in a study that Medicare plans has not approved , you will be responsible for paying all costs for your participation 
in the study .
Section 5.2        When you participate in a clinical research study, who pays for what?
Once you join a Medicare-approved clinical research study, Original Medicare covers the routine items and services you receive as 
part of the study, including:
· Room and board for a hospital stay that Medicare would pay for even if you weren’t in a study.
· An operation or other medical procedure if it is part of the research study.
· Treatment of side effects and complications of the new care.
After Medicare has paid its share of the cost for these services, our plan will pay the difference between the cost sharing in Original 
Medicare and your in-network cost sharing as a member of our plan. This means you will pay the same amount for the services 
you receive as part of the study as you would if you received these services from our plan. However, you are required to submit 
documentation showing how much cost sharing you paid. Please see Chapter 7 for more information for submitting requests for 
payments.
Here’s an example of how the cost sharing works: Let’s say that you have a lab test that costs $100 as part of the research study. 
Let’s also say that your share of the costs for this test is $20 under Original Medicare, but the test would be $10 under our plan’s 
benefits. In this case, Original Medicare would pay $80 for the test and you would pay the $20 copay required under Original 
Medicare. You would then notify your plan that you received a qualified clinical trial service and submit documentation such as a 
provider bill to the plan. The plan would then directly pay you $10. Therefore, your net payment is $10, the same amount you would 
pay under our plan’s benefits.
Please note that in order to receive payment from your plan, you must submit documentation to your plan such as a provider bill.
When you are part of a clinical research study, neither Medicare nor our plan will pay for any of the following:
· Generally, Medicare will not pay for the new item or service that the study is testing unless Medicare would cover the item or 
service even if you were not in a study.
· Items or services provided only to collect data, and not used in your direct health care. For example, Medicare would not pay 
for monthly CT scans done as part of the study if your medical condition would normally require only one CT scan.
· Items and services customarily provided by the research sponsors free-of-charge for any enrollee in the trial.
Do you want to know more?
You can get more  information  about  joining  a clinical  research  study  by visiting the Medicare website to read or download the publication  
Medicare  and Clinical  Research Studies . (The publication is available at: www.medicaregov/Pubs/pdf/02226-Medicare-and-Clinical-
Research-Studies.pdf .) You can also call 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should 
call 1-877-486-2048.  
SECTION 6        Rules for getting care in a religious non-medical health care institution
Section 6.1        What is a religious non-medical health care institution?
A religious non-medical health care institution is a facility that provides care for a condition that would ordinarily be treated in a 
hospital or skilled nursing facility. If getting care in a hospital or a skilled nursing facility is against a member’s religious beliefs, we 
will instead provide coverage for care in a religious non-medical health care institution. This benefit is provided only for Part A 
inpatient services (non-medical health care services).
Section 6.2        Receiving care from a religious non-medical health care institution
To get care from a religious non-medical health care institution, you must sign a legal document that says you are conscientiously 
opposed to getting medical treatment that is  non-excepted.