2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)101
·  However, if your request is for a medical item or service and the independent review organization needs to gather more 
information that may benefit you, it can take up to 14 more calendar days . The independent review organization can’t take 
extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.
If you had a standard appeal at Level 1, you will also have a standard appeal at Level 2
· For the standard appeal , if your request is for a medical item or service , the review organization must give you an answer to 
your Level 2 appeal within 30 calendar days  of when it receives your appeal. If your request is for a Medicare Part B 
prescription drug, the review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal  within 7 calendar days  of when 
it receives your appeal.
· However, if your request is for a medical item or service and the independent review organization needs to gather more 
information that may benefit you,  it can take up to 14 more calendar days . The independent review organization can’t take 
extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.
Step 2:  The Independent Review Organization gives you their answer.
The Independent Review Organization will tell you its decision in writing and explain the reasons for it.
· If the review organization says yes to part or all of a request for a medical item or service,  we must authorize the 
medical care coverage within 72 hours  or provide the service within 14 calendar days  after we receive the decision from 
the review organization for standard requests . For expedited requests , we have 72 hours  from the date we receive the 
decision from the review organization.
· If the review organization says yes to part or all of a request for a Medicare Part B prescription drug,  we must 
authorize or provide the Part B prescription drug within 72 hours  after we receive the decision from the review organization 
for standard requests . For expedited requests  we have 24 hours  from the date we receive the decision from the review 
organization.
· If this organization says no to part or all of your appeal,  it means they agree with us that your request (or part of your 
request) for coverage for medical care should not be approved. (This is called upholding the decision  or turning down 
your appeal .) In this case, the independent review organization will send you a letter:
o Explaining its decision.
o Notifying you of the right to a Level 3 appeal if the dollar value of the medical care coverage meets a certain minimum. The 
written notice you get from the independent review organization will tell you the dollar amount you must meet to continue the 
appeals process.
o Telling you how to file a Level 3 appeal .
Step 3:  If your case meets the requirements, you choose whether you want to take your appeal further.
· There are three additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of five levels of appeal).  If you want to go to 
a Level  3 appeal the  details  on how to do this are in the written  notice  you get after your Level 2 appeal.
· The Level 3 Appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 9 in this chapter tells more 
about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
Section 5.5        What if you are asking us to pay you for our share of a bill you have received for medical care?
Chapter 7 describes when you may need to ask for reimbursement or to pay a bill you have received from a provider. It also tells 
how to send us the paperwork that asks us for payment.
Asking for reimbursement is asking for a coverage decision from us
If you send us the paperwork asking for reimbursement, you are asking for a coverage decision. To make this decision, we will 
check to see if the medical care you paid for is covered. We will also check to see if you followed all the rules for using your 
coverage for medical care.
· If we say yes to your request : If the medical care is covered and you followed all the rules, we will send you the payment 
for our share of the cost typically within 30 calendar days, but no later than 60 calendar  days after we receive your request. If 
you haven’t paid for the medical care , we will send the payment directly to the provider.
· If we say no to your request:  If the medical care is not covered, or you did not follow all the rules, we will not send 