1222025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 11. Legal notices
SECTION 1        Notice about governing law
The principal law that applies to this Evidence of Coverage document is Title XVIII of the Social Security Act and the regulations 
created under the Social Security Act by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS. In addition, other Federal laws 
may apply and, under certain circumstances, the laws of the state you live in. This may affect your rights and responsibilities even 
if the laws are not included or explained in this document.
SECTION 2        Notice about non-discrimination
We don’t discriminate  based on race, ethnicity, national origin, color, religion, sex, gender, age, sexual orientation, mental or 
physical disability, health status, claims experience, medical history, genetic information, evidence of insurability, or geographic 
location within the service area. All organizations that provide Medicare Advantage plans, like our plan, must obey Federal laws 
against discrimination, including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act 
of 1975, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act, all other laws that apply to organizations that 
get Federal funding, and any other laws and rules that apply for any other reason.
If you want more information or have concerns about discrimination or unfair treatment, please call the Department of Health and 
Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights  at 1-800-368-1019 (TTY 1-800-537-7697) or your local Office for Civil Rights. You can 
also review information from the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office for Civil Rights at https://www.hhs.gov/ocr/
index.html .
If you have a disability and need help with access to care, please call us at Customer Service. If you have a complaint, such as a 
problem with wheelchair access, Customer Service can help.
SECTION 3        Notice about Medicare Secondary Payer subrogation rights
We have the right and responsibility to collect for covered Medicare services for which Medicare is not the primary payer. 
According to CMS regulations at 42 CFR sections 422.108 and 423.462, Cigna  Healthcare , as a Medicare Advantage 
Organization, will exercise the same rights of recovery that the Secretary exercises under CMS regulations in subparts B through 
D of part 411 of 42 CFR and the rules established in this section supersede any State laws.
SECTION 4        Notice about subrogation and third party recovery
If we make any payment to you or on your behalf for Covered Services (see Chapter 12 for definition), we are permitted to be fully 
subrogated (a legal principle that allows the plan to be reimbursed for certain payments we have made on your behalf, in certain 
circumstances) to any and all rights you have against any person, entity or insurer that may be responsible for payment of medical 
expenses and/or benefits related to your injury, illness or condition. We are given the same rights of subrogation and recovery that 
are available to the Medicare Program under the Medicare Secondary Payer rules. We may use whatever rights of recovery are 
available to the Medicare program under 42 U.S.C. § 1395mm(e)(4), 42 U.S.C. §1395w -22(a)(4), 42 C.F.R. Part 411, and 42 
C.F.R. Part 422.
Once we have made a payment for Covered Services, we will have a lien on the proceeds of any judgment, settlement, or other 
award or recovery you may receive or be entitled to receive, including but not limited to the following:
1. Any award, settlement, benefits or other amounts paid under any workers’ compensation law or award;
2. Any and all payments made directly by or on behalf of a third -party tortfeasor or person, entity or insurer responsible for 
indemnifying the third-party tortfeasor;
3. Any arbitration awards, payments, settlements, structured settlements, or other benefits or amounts paid under an 
uninsured or underinsured motorist coverage policy; or any other payments designated, earmarked, or otherwise intended 
to be paid to you as compensation, restitution, or remuneration for your injury, illness, or condition suffered as a result of 
the negligence or liability of a third party.
You agree to cooperate with us and any of our designated representatives and to take any actions or steps necessary to secure 
our lien/interests, including but not limited to:
1. Fully responding to requests for information about any accidents or injuries;
2. Fully responding to our requests for information and providing any relevant information that we have requested; and