582025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
required to contact Cigna Healthcare's transportation vendor at least 48 hours in 
advance of their appointment to schedule non-emergent transportation services to plan-
approved locations, such as doctor’s appointments. Transportation arranged outside of 
the transportation vendor will not be covered and will be the responsibility of the 
member. There are cancellation requirements and restrictions. A cancellation must be 
made up to two hours prior to the scheduled trip, or it will be deducted from the number 
of trips remaining.
A maximum trip distance of 70 miles per one-way trip applies. Prior Authorization is 
required where the travel distance to a provider exceeds the mileage limit of 70 miles. 
Trip distances exceeding 70 miles per one-way trip are not covered except when 
transportation is needed to obtain specific medically necessary Medicare or Plan 
covered services.
The transportation vendor is in partnership with rideshare services to provide transport 
for ambulatory customers. Customers with special needs will be transported by 
traditional non-emergent medical transportation (NEMT) drivers who have vehicles that 
accommodate wheelchairs, walkers, etc. To be transported by a rideshare driver, 
customers must be able to receive text messages on their phones. Rideshare transport 
may not be available for certain types of transports and within certain service areas. 
Requests for transportation received with less than a 48-hour notice will be reviewed on 
a case-by-case basis to determine the urgency of the trip and the availability of an 
NEMT driver to transport the member. A traditional NEMT driver may accommodate 
multiple occupants in one vehicle. Rideshare transports apply to a single occupant; 
however, a family member or escort may be allowed.
See Ambulance services  benefit in this chart for additional information about non-
emergency Medicare-covered Ambulance services.
For more information call the Cigna Healthcare transportation vendor at 1-866-214-5126 
(TTY 711) .$0 copayment for up to 50 one-way  
trips to plan-approved locations every 
year
Urgently needed services
A plan-covered service requiring immediate medical attention that is not an emergency 
is an urgently needed service if either you are temporarily outside the service area of the 
plan, or even if you are inside the service area of the plan, it is unreasonable given your 
time, place, and circumstances to obtain this service from network providers with whom 
the plan contracts. Your plan must cover urgently needed services and only charge you 
in-network cost sharing. Examples of urgently needed services are unforeseen medical 
illnesses and injuries, or unexpected flare-ups of existing conditions. However, medically 
necessary routine provider visits, such as annual checkups, are not considered urgently 
needed even if you are outside the service area of the plan or the plan network is 
temporarily unavailable.
Urgently needed services are covered worldwide.
See Ambulance services  benefit in this chart for additional information about 
Worldwide ambulance services.$30 copayment  for Medicare-covered  
urgently needed service visit
$125  copayment for worldwide 
emergency/urgent coverage and 
worldwide emergency transportation
$50,000 (U SD) combined limit per year 
for emergency and urgent ca re 
services provided outside the U.S. and 
its territories.
Emergency transportation must be 
medically necessary.
If you are admitted to  the hospital 
within 24 hours for the  same condition, 
you pay $0 for the  urgently needed 
services visit.
  Vision care  (Medicare-covered)A separate PCP/Specialist cost share 
may apply if additional services  Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services