982025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
1. You are not getting certain medical care you want, and you believe that this care is covered by our plan. Ask for a 
coverage decision . Section 5.2.
2. Our plan will not approve the medical care your doctor or other medical provider wants to give you, and you believe that this 
care is covered by the plan. Ask for a coverage decision. Section 5.2.
3. You have received medical care that you believe should be covered by the plan, but we have said we will not pay for this 
care. Make an appeal. Section 5.3.
4. You have received and paid for medical care that you believe should be covered by the plan, and you want to ask our plan 
to reimburse you for this care. Send us the bill. Section 5.5.
5. You are being told that coverage for certain medical care you have been getting that we previously approved will be 
reduced or stopped, and you believe that reducing or stopping this care could harm your health. Make an appeal. Section 
5.3.
Note : If the coverage that will be stopped is for hospital care, home health care, skilled nursing facility care, or 
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services , you need to read Section 7 and 8 of this Chapter. 
Special rules apply to these type of care.
Section 5.2        Step-by-step: How to ask for a coverage decision
Legal Terms
When a coverage decision involves your medical care, it is called an organization determination.
A fast coverage decision is called an expedited determination.
Step 1:  Decide if you need a standard coverage decision or a fast coverage decision.
A standard coverage decision is usually made within 14 days or 72 hours for Part B drugs. A fast coverage decision is 
generally made within 72 hours, for medical services, or 24 hours for Part B drugs. In order to get a fast coverage 
decision, you must meet two requirements:
● You may only ask for coverage for medical items and/or services (not requests for payment for items and/or services already 
received ).
● You can get a fast coverage  decision only if using the standard deadlines could cause serious harm to your health or hurt 
your ability to function .
● If your doctor tells us that your health requires a fast coverage decision, we will automatically agree to give you a 
fast coverage decision.
● If you ask for a fast coverage decision on your own, without your doctor’s support, we will decide whether your 
health requires that we give you a fast coverage decision.  If we do not approve a fast coverage decision, we will send 
you a letter that:
o Explains that we will use the standard deadlines.
o Explains if  your doctor  asks for the fast coverage  decision,  we will automatically  give you a fast coverage decision.
o Explains that you can file a fast complaint  about  our decision  to give you a standard  coverage  decision instead of the fast 
coverage decision you requested. 
Step 2:  Ask our plan to make a coverage decision or fast coverage decision.
● Start by calling, writing, or faxing our plan to make your request for us to authorize or provide coverage for the medical care you 
want. You, your doctor, or your representative can do this. Chapter 2 has contact information.
Step 3:  We consider your request for medical care coverage and give you our answer. 
For standard coverage decisions we use the standard deadlines.
This means we will give you an answer within 14 calendar days  after we receive your request for a medical item or service.  
If your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug , we will give you an answer within 72 hours  after we receive your 
request.
o However,  if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can take up to 14 more 