2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)45
We also cover some vaccines under our Part D prescription drug benefit.  Refer to 
Chapter 6, Section 8 for additional information.
Inpatient hospital care
Includes inpatient acute, inpatient rehabilitation, long-term care hospitals and other 
types of inpatient hospital services. Inpatient hospital care starts the day you are 
formally admitted to the hospital with a doctor’s order. The day before you are 
discharged is your last inpatient day.
Our plan covers days 1 through 90 of inpatient hospital care for each benefit period . 
Covered services include but are not limited to:
· Semi-private room (or a private room if medically necessary)
· Meals including special diets
· Regular nursing services
· Costs of special care units (such as intensive care or coronary care units)
· Drugs and medications
· Lab tests
· X-rays and other radiology services
· Necessary surgical and medical supplies
· Use of appliances, such as wheelchairs
· Operating and recovery room costs
· Physical, occupational, and speech language therapy
· Inpatient substance use disorder  services
· Under certain conditions, the following types of transplants are covered: corneal, 
kidney, kidney pancreatic, heart, liver, lung, heart/lung, bone marrow, stem cell, 
and intestinal/multivisceral. If you need a transplant, we will arrange to have your 
case reviewed by a Medicare-approved transplant center that will decide whether 
you are a candidate for a transplant. Transplant providers may be local or outside 
of the service area. If our in network transplant services are outside the community 
pattern of care, you may choose to go locally as long as the local transplant 
providers are willing to accept the Original Medicare rate. If our plan provides 
transplant services at a location outside the pattern of care for transplants in your 
community and you choose to obtain transplants at this distant location, we will 
arrange or pay for appropriate lodging and transportation costs for you and a 
companion.  
This travel benefit is not applicable for corneal transplants. Reimbursement is 
provided for up to $10,000 of eligible transportation and lodging expenses for an 
approved transplant at least 100 miles away from your legal home address to the 
transplant center. This benefit only covers transportation and lodging expenses for 
you and one companion for the initial and annual evaluation, stem cell injection 
and cell collection, and the actual transplant. The lodging and transportation 
benefit is not applicable for follow-up or post-operative visits or transplant related 
inpatient admissions after you receive your transplant, except for readmissions Prior authorization may be required.
Except in an emergency, your doctor 
must tell the plan that you are going to 
be admitted to the hospital .
For each Medicare-covered hospital 
stay, your copayment is :
$320 per day for days 1-6;
$0 per day for days 7-90
For each Medicare-covered hospital 
stay, you are required to pay the 
applicable cost sharing.
In some instances, a readmission 
policy may apply in which the benefit 
will continue from original admission.
Our plan also covers 60 “lifetime 
reserve days. ” These are “extra ” days 
that we cover. If you use more than 90 
days within a benefit period, you can 
use these extra days. But once you 
have used up these extra 60 days, 
your inpatient hospital coverage will be 
limited to 90 days. There is a $0 
copayment per lifetime reserve day.
If you get authorized inpatient care at 
an out-of-network hospital after your 
emergency condition is stabilized, your 
cost is the highest cost sharing you 
would pay at a network hospital. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services