1142025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
o If you decide to accept this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
o If you do not want to accept the decision, you can continue to the next level of the review process. The notice you get will 
tell you what to do for a Level 4 appeal.
Level 4 Appeal       The Medicare  Appeals Council  (Council) will review your appeal and give you an answer. The Council is 
part of the Federal government.
· If the answer is yes, or if the Council denies our request to review a favorable Level 3 appeal decision, the appeals 
process may or may not  be over.  Unlike a decision at Level 2, we have the right to appeal a Level 4 decision that is 
favorable to you . We will decide whether to appeal this decision to Level 5.
o If we decide not to appeal the decision, we must authorize or provide you with the medical care  within 60 calendar days 
after receiving the Council’s decision.
o If we decide to appeal the decision, we will let you know in writing.
· If the answer is no or if the Council denies the review request, the appeals process may or may not  be over .
o If you decide to accept this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
o If you do not want to accept the decision, you may be able to continue to the next level of the review process. If the 
Council says no to your appeal, the notice you get will tell you whether the rules allow you to go on to a Level 5 appeal  
and how to continue with a Level 5 appeal .
Level 5 Appeal   A judge at the Federal District Court  will review your appeal.
· A judge will review all of the information and decide yes or no to your request. This is a final answer. There are no more 
appeal levels after the Federal District Court.
Section 9.2        Appeal Levels 3, 4 and 5 for Part D Drug Requests
This section may be appropriate for you if you have made a Level 1 appeal and a Level 2 appeal, and both of your appeals have 
been turned down.
If the value of the drug you have appealed meets a certain dollar amount, you may be able to go on to additional levels of appeal. 
If the dollar amount is less, you cannot appeal any further. The written response you receive to your Level 2 appeal will explain 
who to contact and what to do to ask for a Level 3 appeal.
For most situations that involve appeals, the last three levels of appeal work in much the same way. Here is who handles the 
review of your appeal at each of these levels.
Level 3 Appeal       An Administrative Law Judge or an attorney adjudicator who works for the Federal government  will 
review your appeal and give you an answer.
· If the answer is yes, the appeals process is over . We must authorize or  provide the drug coverage  that was approved 
by the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator within 72 hours (24 hours for expedited appeals) or make 
payment no later than 30 calendar days  after we receive the decision.
· If the answer is no, the appeals process may or may not  be over .
o If you decide to accept this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.
o If you do not want to accept the decision, you can continue to the next level of the review process. The notice you get will 
tell you what for a Level 4 appeal.
Level 4 Appeal       The Medicare Appeals Council  (Council) will review your appeal and give you an answer. The Council is 
part of the Federal government.
· If the answer is yes, the appeals process is over . We must authorize or  provide the drug coverage  that was approved 
by the Council within 72 hours (24 hours for expedited appeals) or make payment no later than 30 calendar days  after 
we receive the decision.
· If the answer is no, the appeals process may or may not  be over .
o If you decide to accept this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over.