2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)35
Note:
Additional cost share may apply when other services are performed at the same time.
A facility fee may apply when services are performed in an outpatient facility.
  Abdominal aortic aneurysm screening
A one-time screening ultrasound for people at risk. The plan only covers this screening if 
you have certain risk factors and if you get a referral for it from your physician, physician 
assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for members eligible for 
this preventive screening.
Acupuncture for chronic low back pain  
Covered services include:
Up to 12 visits in 90 days are covered for Medicare beneficiaries under the following 
circumstances:
For the purpose of this benefit, chronic low back pain is defined as:
· Lasting 12 weeks or longer
· Nonspecific, in that it has no identifiable systemic cause (i.e., not associated with 
metastatic, inflammatory, infectious, disease etc.)
· Not associated with surgery; and
· Not associated with pregnancy
An additional eight sessions will be covered for those patients demonstrating an 
improvement. No more than 20 acupuncture treatments may be administered annually.
Treatment must be discontinued if the patient is not improving or is regressing.
Provider Requirements:
Physicians (as defined in 1861(r)(1) of the Social Security Act (the Act) may furnish 
acupuncture in accordance with applicable state requirements.
Physician assistants (PAs), nurse practitioners (NPs)/clinical nurse specialists (CNSs) 
(as identified in 1861(aa)(5) of the Act), and auxiliary personnel may furnish acupuncture 
if they meet all applicable state requirements and have:
· a masters or doctoral level degree in acupuncture or Oriental Medicine from a 
school accredited by the Accreditation Commission on Acupuncture and Oriental 
Medicine (ACAOM); and,
· a current, full, active, and unrestricted license to practice acupuncture in a State, 
Territory, or Commonwealth (i.e. , Puerto Rico) of the United States, or District of 
Columbia.
Auxiliary personnel furnishing acupuncture must be under the appropriate level of 
supervision of a physician, PA, or NP/CNS required by our regulations at 42 CFR §§ 
410.26 and 410.27.Prior authorization may be required.
$15 copayment  for each Medicare-
covered acupuncture visit
Additional telehealth services
Covered telehealth services include the following virtual services:
Physical Therapy
Speech and Language Pathology
Primary Care Physician
Physician Specialist $0 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
virtual Physical Therapy
 $0 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
virtual Speech and Language 
Pathology Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services