2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 12. Definitions of important words125
Chapter 12. Definitions of important words
Ambulatory Surgical Center  – An Ambulatory Surgical Center is an entity that operates exclusively for the purpose of furnishing 
outpatient surgical services to patients not requiring hospitalization and whose expected stay in the center does not exceed 24 
hours.
Annual Enrollment Period – The time  period of October 15 until December 7  of each year when members can change their 
health or drug plans or switch to Original Medicare.
Appeal  – An appeal is something you do if you disagree with our decision to deny a request for coverage of health care services 
or prescription drugs or payment for services or drugs you already received. You may also make an appeal if you disagree with 
our decision to stop services that you are receiving .
Balance Billing – When a provider (such as a doctor or hospital) bills a patient more than the plan’s allowed cost sharing amount. 
As a member of  our plan, you only have to pay our plan’s cost -sharing amounts when you get services covered by our plan. We 
do not allow providers to balance bill  or otherwise charge you more than the amount of cost sharing your plan says you must pay.
Benefit Period – The way that Original Medicare  measures your use of  hospital and  skilled nursing facility (SNF) services. A 
benefit period begins the day you go into a hospital or skilled nursing facility. The benefit period ends when you hav e not received 
any inpatient hospital care (or skilled care in a SNF) for 60 days in a row. If you go into a hospital or skilled nursing facility after 
one benefit period has ended, a new benefit period begins. There is no limit to the number of benefit periods.
Biological Product  – A prescription drug that is made from natural and living sources like animal cells, plant cells, bacteria, or 
yeast. Biological products are more complex than other drugs and cannot be copied exactly, so alternative forms are called 
biosimilars. See also “ Original Biological Product ” and “ Biosimilar ”).
Biosimilar  – A biological product that is very similar, but not identical, to the original biological product. Biosimilars are as safe and 
effective as the original biological product. Some biosimilars may be substituted for the original biological product at the pharmacy 
without needing a new prescription (See “ Interchangeable Biosimilar ”).
Brand Name Drug  – A prescription drug that is manufactured and sold by the pharmaceutical company that originally researched 
and developed the drug. Brand name drugs have the same active-ingredient formula as the generic version of the drug. However, 
generic drugs are manufactured and sold by other drug manufacturers and are generally not available until after the patent on the 
brand name drug has expired.
Catastrophic Coverage Stage  – The stage in the Part D Drug Benefit that begins when you (or other qualified parties on your 
behalf) have spent $ 2,000 for Part D covered drugs during the covered year . 
During this payment stage, you pay nothing for your covered Part D drugs.  You may have cost sharing for excluded drugs that are 
covered under our enhanced benefit.
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS)  – The Federal agency that administers Medicare.
Chronic-Care Special Needs Plan  – C-SNPs are SNPs that restrict enrollment to MA eligible individuals who have one or more 
severe or disabling chronic conditions, as defined under 42 CFR 422.2, including restricting enrollment based on the multiple 
commonly co-morbid and clinically-linked condition groupings specified 42 CFR 422.4 (a)(1)(iv) .
Coinsurance  – An amount you may be required to pay , expressed as a percentage (for example 20%)  as your share of the cost 
for services or prescription drugs .
Complaint  – The formal name for making a complaint is  filing a grievance.  The complaint process is used  only for certain types 
of problems . This includes problems related to quality of care, waiting times and the customer service you receive. It also includes 
complaints if your plan does not follow the time periods in the appeal process.
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF)  – A facility that mainly provides rehabilitation services after an 
illness or injury, including physical therapy, social or psychological services, respiratory therapy, occupational therapy and speech-
language pathology services, and home environment evaluation services.
Copayment  (or copay)  – An amount you may be required to pay as your share of the cost for a medical service or supply, like a 
doctor’s visit, ho spital outpatient visit, or a prescription drug. A copayment is a set amount  (for example $10) , rather than a 
percentage .
Cost Sharing – Cost sharing refers to amounts that a member has to pay when services or drugs are received . Cost sharing 
includes any combination of the following three types of payments: (1) any deductible amount a plan may impose before services 