82025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 1.     Getting started as a member
When you first enroll in our plan, we let you know the amount of the penalty.
You will not have to pay it if:
· You receive “Extra Help ” from Medicare to pay for your prescription drugs.
· You have gone less than 63 days in a row without creditable coverage.
· You have had creditable drug coverage through another source such as a former employer, union, TRICARE, or Veterans  
Health Administration (VA) . Your insurer or your human resources department will tell you each year if your drug coverage is 
creditable coverage. This information may be sent to you in a letter or included in a newsletter from the plan. Keep this 
information, because you may need it if you join a Medicare drug plan later.
o Note:  Any notice must state that you had  creditable prescription drug coverage that is expected to pay as much as 
Medicare’s standard prescription drug plan pays.
o Note:  The following are not creditable prescription drug coverage: prescription drug discount cards, free clinics, and 
drug discount websites. 
Medicare determines the amount of the penalty.  Here is how it works:
· If you went 63 days or more without Part D or other creditable prescription drug coverage after you were first eligible to enroll 
in Part D, the plan will count the number of full months that you did not have coverage. The penalty is 1% for every month 
that you did not have creditable coverage. For example, if you go 14 months without coverage, the penalty will be 14%.
· Then Medicare determines the amount of the average monthly premium for Medicare drug plans in the nation from the 
previous year. For 2025 , this average premium amount is  $36.78.
· To calculate your monthly penalty, you multiply the penalty percentage and the average monthly premium and then round it 
to the nearest 10 cents. In the example here it would be 14% times  $36.78, which equals $ 5.14. This rounds to $ 5.10. This 
amount would be added  to the monthly premium for someone with a Part D late enrollment penalty.
There are three important things to note about this monthly Part D late enrollment penalty:
· First, the penalty may change each year , because the average monthly premium can change each year.
· Second, you will continue to pay a penalty  every month for as long as you are enrolled in a plan that has Medicare Part D 
drug benefits, even if you change plans.
· Third, if you are under  65 and currently receiving Medicare benefits, the Part D late enrollment penalty will reset when you 
turn 65. After age 65, your Part D late enrollment penalty will be based only on the months that you don’t have coverage 
after your initial enrollment period for aging into Medicare.
If you disagree about your Part D  late enrollment penalty, you or your representative can ask for a review.  Generally, you 
must request this review within 60 days  from the date on the first letter you receive stating you have to pay a late enrollment 
penalty. However, if you were paying a penalty before joining our plan, you may not have another chance to request a review of 
that late enrollment penalty.
Section  4.4        Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount
Some members may be required to pay an extra charge, known as the Part D Income Related Monthly Adjustment Amount, also 
known as IRMAA. The extra charge is figured out using your modified adjusted gross income as reported on your IRS tax return 
from two years ago . If this amount  is above a certain amount, you’ll pay the standard premium amount and the additional IRMAA. 
For more information on the extra amount you may have to pay based on your income, visit https://www.medicare.gov/drug-
coverage-part-d/costs-for-medicare-drug-coverage/monthly-premium-for-drug-plans .
If you have to  pay an extra amount, Social Security, not your Medicare plan, will send you a letter telling you what that extra 
amount will be. The extra amount will be withheld from your Social Security,  Railroad Retirement Board, or Office of Personnel 
Management benefit check, no matter how you usually pay your plan premium, unless your monthly benefit isn’t enough to cover 
the extra amount owed. If your benefit check isn’t enough to cover the extra amount, you will get a bill from Medicare. You must 
pay the extra amount to the government. It cannot be paid with your monthly plan premium. If you do not pay the extra 
amount, you will be disenrolled from the plan and lose prescription drug coverage.