602025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
The plan will not cover both eyeglass 
lenses/frames and contacts in the 
same plan year.  Customer is  
responsible for all costs over and 
above the allowance amount.
  Welcome to Medicare Preventive Visit
The plan covers the one-time Welcome to Medicare preventive visit. The visit includes a 
review of your health, as well as education and counseling about the preventive services 
you need (including certain screenings and shots), and referrals for other care if needed.
Important:  We cover the Welcome to Medicare preventive visit only within the first 12 
months you have Medicare Part B. When you make your appointment, let your doctor’s 
office know you would like to schedule your Welcome to Medicare preventive visitThere is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the Welcome to 
Medicare preventive visit. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services
SECTION 3         What services are not covered by the plan?
Section 3.1        Services we do not cover (exclusions)
This section tells you what services are excluded from Medicare coverage and therefore, are not covered by this plan.
The chart below lists services and items that either are not covered under any condition or are covered only under specific 
conditions.
If you get services that are excluded (not covered), you must pay for them yourself  except under the specific conditions listed 
below. Even if you receive the excluded services at an emergency facility, the excluded services are still not covered and our plan 
will not pay for them.
The only exceptio n is if the service is appealed and decided  upon appeal to be a medical service that we should have paid for or 
covered because of your specific situation. (For information about appealing a decision we have made to not cover a medical 
service, go to Chapter 9, Section 5.3 in this document .)
Services not covered by Medicare Not covered under any condition Covered only under specific 
conditions
Acupuncture. · Available for people with chronic low 
back pain under certain circumstances.
Air ambulance for transportation to return 
to the United States.· Return or repatriation to the United 
States during a medical injury or illness 
is not covered unless the closest 
appropriate facility to stabilize and treat 
the injury or illness is in the United 
States. Once stabilized, return air 
ambulance transportation to the United 
States is not covered.