1122025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Step 1:  Make your Level 1 appeal: contact the Quality Improvement Organization and ask for a fast-track appeal . You 
must act quickly.
How can you contact this organization?
· The written notice you received (Notice of Medicare Non-Coverage ) tells you how to reach this organization. Or find the 
name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement Organization for your state in Chapter 2.
Act quickly:
· You must contact the Quality Improvement Organization to start your appeal by noon of the day before the effective date  
on the Notice of Medicare Non-Coverage.
· If you miss the deadline, and you wish to file an appeal, you still have appeal rights. Contact your Quality Improvement 
Organization.
Step 2:  The Quality Improvement Organization conducts an independent review of your case.
Legal Term
Detailed Explanation of Non-Coverage . Notice that provides details on reasons for ending coverage.
What happens during this review?
· Health professionals at the Quality Improvement Organization (the reviewers) will ask you, or your representative, why you 
believe coverage for the services should continue. You don’t have to prepare anything in writing, but you may do so if you 
wish.
· The review organization will also look at your medical information, talk with your doctor, and review information that our plan 
has given to them.
· By the end of the day the reviewers tell us of your appeal, you will get the Detailed Explanation of Non-Coverage from us 
that explains in detail our reasons for ending our coverage for your services.
Step 3:  Within one full day after they have all the information they need ; the reviewers will tell you their decision.
What happens if the reviewers say yes?
· If the reviewers say yes to your appeal, then we must keep providing your covered services for as long as it is 
medically necessary.
· You will have to keep paying your share of the costs (such as deductibles or copayments, if these apply). There may be 
limitations on your covered services.
What happens if the reviewers say no?
· If the reviewers say no, then your coverage will end on the date we have told you.
· If you decide to keep getting the home health care, or skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive Outpatient 
Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services after this date when your coverage ends, then you will have to pay the full cost  of 
this care yourself.
Step 4:  If the answer to your Level 1 appeal is no, you decide if you want to make another appeal.
· If reviewers say no to your Level 1 Appeal — and you choose to continue getting care after your coverage for the care has 
ended — then you can make a Level 2 appeal.
Section 8.4        Step-by-step: How to make a Level 2 appeal to have our plan cover your care for a longer time
During a Level 2 appeal, you ask the Quality Improvement Organization to take another look at the decision on your first appeal. If 
the Quality Improvement Organization turns down your Level 2 appeal, you may have to pay the full cost for your home health 
care, or skilled nursing facility care, or Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services after the date when we 
said your coverage would end.