362025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
$0 copaymen t for Medicare-covered 
virtual Primary care physician visits
$15 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
virtual physician specialist visits
Ambulance services
· Covered ambulance services, whether for an emergency or non-emergency 
situation, include fixed wing, rotary wing, and ground ambulance services, to the 
nearest appropriate facility that can provide care if they are furnished to a member 
whose medical condition is such that other means of transportation could 
endanger the person’s health or if authorized by the plan.
If the covered ambulance services are not for an emergency situation, it should be 
documented that the member’s condition is such that other means of transportation 
could endanger the person’s health and that transportation by ambulance is medically 
required.
Non-emergency ambulance transportation:
· Medically-necessary, non-emergency transportation by ambulance is only covered 
to the closest facility that can provide care.
· Prior authorization is required for non-emergency, Medicare-covered ambulance 
services (such as transport from home to your doctor’s office for routine visits, 
transport from home to a Medicare-certified dialysis facility for prescribed 
hemodialysis, or transport beyond the closest facility capable of providing care 
when transferring between facilities or levels of care). 
· Out-of-network, non-emergency ambulance services will be reviewed after the 
service is rendered to ensure service was medically and reasonably necessary.
· See Transportation  benefit in this chart for additional information about non-
emergency transportation services.  
Worldwide ambulance services:
· Ambulance transportation outside the United States or its territories is only 
covered to the closest, most appropriate facility that can provide care.
· Return to the United States by ambulance is not a covered service unless that is 
where the closest, most appropriate, facility is located. 
· See Emergency care  or Urgently needed services in this chart for additional 
information about Worldwide transportation services .Prior authorization may be required 
for non-emergency ambulance 
services.
$270  copayment  for each one -way 
Medicare -covered ground ambulance 
trip
20% coinsurance  for each one-way  
Medicare- covered air ambulance trip .
Annual physical exam
The annual physical is an extensive physical exam including a medical history collection 
and it may also include any of the following: vital signs, observation of general 
appearance, a head and neck exam, a heart and lung exam, an abdominal exam, a 
neurological exam, a dermatological exam, and an extremities exam. Coverage for this 
benefit is in addition to the Medicare-covered annual wellness visit and the Welcome to 
Medicare Preventive Visit. Limited to one physical exam per year. Separate cost-sharing 
amounts may apply to any additional lab or diagnostic procedures that are ordered 
during the annual physical exam .$0 copayment  for annual physical 
exam Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services