2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)37
Note: You will be responsible for cost sharing amounts for any additional services during 
this exam.
  Annual wellness visit
If you’ve had Part B for longer than 12 months, you can get an annual wellness visit to 
develop or update a personalized prevention plan based on your current health and risk 
factors.  The annual wellness visit is covered once each calendar year.
Note : Your first annual wellness visit can’t take place within 12 months of your Welcome 
to Medicare preventive visit. However, you don’t need to have had a Welcome to 
Medicare visit to be covered for annual wellness visits after you’ve had Part B for 12 
months.
Note: You will be responsible for cost sharing amounts for any additional services during 
this exam.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the annual wellness 
visit.
A separate copay may apply if a non-
preventive  screening lab test or other 
non-preventive  services are provided 
at the time of an annual wellness visit.
  Bone mass measurement
For qualified individuals (generally, this means people at risk of losing bone mass or at 
risk of osteoporosis), the following services are covered every 24 months or more 
frequently if medically necessary: procedures to identify bone mass, detect bone loss, or 
determine bone quality, including a physician’s interpretation of the results.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for Medicare-covered 
bone mass measurement.
  Breast cancer screening (mammograms)
Covered services include:
· One baseline mammogram between the ages of 35 and 39
· One screening mammogram every 12 months for women age d 40 and older
· Clinical breast exams once every 24 monthsThere is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for covered screening 
mammograms.
Cardiac rehabilitation services
Comprehensive programs of cardiac rehabilitation services that include exercise, 
education, and counseling are covered for members who meet certain conditions with a 
doctor’s  order . The plan also covers intensive cardiac rehabilitation programs that are 
typically more rigorous or more intense than cardiac rehabilitation programs.Prior authorization may be required.
$10 copayment  for each 
Medicare -covered cardiac 
rehabilitative therapy visit .
$10 copayment  for each 
Medicare -covered intensive cardiac 
rehabilitative therapy visit .
One copayment will apply when 
multiple therapies are provided by the 
same provider on the same date and 
at the same place of service.
  Cardiovascular disease risk reduction visit (therapy for cardiovascular 
disease)
We cover one visit per year with your primary care doctor to help lower your risk for 
cardiovascular disease. During this visit, your doctor may discuss aspirin use (if 
appropriate), check your blood pressure, and give you tips to make sure you’re eating 
healthy.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the intensive 
behavioral therapy cardiovascular 
disease preventive benefit. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services