262025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 3.     Using the plan for your medical services
Section 2.3        How to get care from specialists and other network providers
A specialist is a doctor who provides health care services for a specific disease or part of the  body. There are many kinds of 
specialists. Here are a few examples:
· Oncologists care for patients with  cancer.
· Cardiologists  care for patients  with heart  conditions.
· Orthopedists  care for patients  with certain  bone,  joint,  or muscle  conditions.
When you select a PCP, you are also selecting an entire network (a specific group of Plan providers) of specialists and hospitals to 
which your PCP will refer you. If there are specific specialists or hospitals you want to use, you must find out whether they are in 
your plan’s network. Please call Customer Service for details regarding the specialists and hospitals you may use.
What if a specialist or another network provider leaves our plan?
We may make changes to the hospitals, doctors, and specialists (providers) that are part of your plan during the year. I f your doctor 
or specialist leaves your plan you have certain rights and protections that are summarized below:
· Even  though  our network  of providers  may change  during  the year,  Medicare  requires  that we furnish  you with uninterrupted 
access  to qualified  doctors  and specialists.
· We will notify you that your provider  is leaving  our plan so that you have time to select a new  provider.
o If your primary care or behavioral health provider leaves our plan, we will notify you if you have seen that provider within 
the past three years.
o If any of your other providers leave our plan, we will notify you if you are assigned to the provider, currently receive care 
from them, or have seen them within the past three months.
· We will assist  you in selecting  a new qualified  in-network provider  that you may access for continued care.
· If you are currently undergoing  medical  treatment  or therapies with your current provider, you have  the right to request,  and we 
will work  with you to ensure , that the medically necessary  treatment or therapies  you are receiving continues.
· We will provide you with information about the different enrollment periods available to you and options you may have for 
changing plans.
· We will arrange for any medically necessary covered benefit outside of our provider network, but at in-network cost sharing, 
when an in-network provider or benefit is unavailable or inadequate to meet your medical needs. Prior authorization may be 
required.
· If you find out your doctor  or specialist  is leaving  your plan,  please  contact  us so we can assist  you in finding  a new provider  to 
manage your  care.
· If you believe we have not furnished you with a qualified provider to replace your previous provider or that your care is not 
being appropriately managed, you have the right to file a quality of care complaint to the QIO, a quality of care grievance to 
the plan, or both. Please see Chapter 9.
Section 2.4        How to get care from out-of-network providers
For Medicare-covered services, if you require specialized services that are not available from a provider in our network, contact 
your Primary Care Physician (PCP) for authorization and coordination of care. Members are entitled to receive services from out-
of-network providers for emergency or out-of-area urgently needed services. Dialysis services are covered for ESRD members who 
have travelled outside of the plan’s service area and are not able to access contracted ESRD providers.  
SECTION 3        How to get services when you have an emergency or urgent need for care or during a disaster
Section 3.1        Getting care if you have a medical emergency
What is a medical emergency  and what should you do if you have one?
A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average knowledge of health and medicine, believe 
that you have medical symptoms that require immediate medical attention to prevent your loss of life (and, if you are a pregnant 
woman, loss of an unborn child), loss of a limb or function of a limb, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily function. The medical 