862025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 7.     Asking us to pay our share of a bill you have received for covered medical services or drugs
Save your receipt and send a copy to us when you ask us to pay you back for our share of the cost.  Remember that we 
only cover out-of-network pharmacies in limited circumstances. See Chapter 5, Section 2.5 for a discussion of these 
circumstances.  We may not pay you back the difference between what you paid for the drug at the out-of-network 
pharmacy and the amount that we would pay at an in-network pharmacy.
5. When you pay the full cost for a prescription because you don’t have your plan membership card with you
If you do not have your plan membership card with you, you can ask the pharmacy to call the plan or to look up your plan 
enrollment information. However, if the pharmacy cannot get the enrollment information they need right away, you may 
need to pay the full cost of the prescription yourself.
Save your receipt and send a copy to us when you ask us to pay you back for our share of the cost.  We may not pay you 
back the full cost you paid if the cash price you paid is higher than our negotiated price for the prescription.
6. When you pay the full cost for a prescription in other situations
You may pay the full cost of the prescription because you find that the drug is not covered for some reason.
· For example, the drug may not be on the plan’s Drug List or it could have a requirement or restriction that you didn’t 
know about or don’t think should apply to you. If you decide to get the drug immediately, you may need to pay the full 
cost for it.
· Save your receipt and send a copy to us when you ask us to pay you back. In some situations, we may need to get more 
information from your doctor in order to  pay you back for our share of the cost.  We may not pay you back the full cost you 
paid if the cash price you paid is higher than our negotiated price for the prescription.
All of  the examples above are types of coverage decisions. This means that if we deny your request for payment, you can appeal 
our decision. Chapter 9 of this document has information about how to make an appeal.
SECTION 2        How to ask us to pay you back or to pay a bill you have received
You may request us to pay you back by sending us a request in writing. If you send a request in writing, send your bill and 
documentation of any payment you have made. It’s a good idea to make a copy of your bill and receipts for your records. You 
must submit your claim to us within 12 months for medical services or items or 3 years for prescription drugs  of the date 
you received the service, item, or drug.
To make sure you are giving us all the information we need to make a decision , you can fill out our claim form to make your 
request for payment.
· You don’t have to use the form, but it will help us process the information faster.  Please include details with your request 
such as your name, contact information, date and place of service, service received and Provider name.
· Either download a copy of the form from our website ( www.CignaMedicare.com/forms ) or call Customer Service and ask for 
the form.
Mail your request for payment together with any bills or paid receipts to us at this address:
 For Part C (Medical Services) Claims
Cigna  Healthcare
Attn: Direct Member Reimbursement, Medical Claims
P.O. Box 20002
Nashville, TN 37202For Part D (Prescription Drugs) Claims
Cigna  Healthcare
Attn: Medicare Part D
P.O. Box 14718
Lexington, KY 40512 -4718 
SECTION 3        We will consider your request for payment and say yes or no
Section 3.1        We check to see whether we should cover the service or drug and how much we owe
When we receive your request for payment, we will let you know if we need any additional information from you. Otherwise, we will 
consider your request and make a coverage decision.
· If we decide that the medical care or drug is covered and you followed all the rules, we will pay for our share of the cost.  Our 
share of the cost might not be the full amount you paid (for example, if you obtained a drug at an out-of-network pharmacy 
or if the cash price you paid for a drug is higher than our negotiated price).  If you have already paid for the service or drug, 