2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)53
· Basic hearing and balance exams performed by your specialist,  if your doctor 
orders it to see if you need medical treatment
· Certain telehealth services , including urgent care (treating symptoms like allergies, 
cough, headache, nausea, and other low-risk illnesses), mental health therapy, 
and dermatology.
o You have the option of receiving these services through an in-person visit or by 
telehealth. If you choose to receive one of these services by telehealth, you 
must use a network provider who offers the service by telehealth.
o If your network provider does not offer telehealth services and/or you need to 
access telehealth care quickly, you also have the option of getting these 
services through the Cigna Healthcare telehealth vendor. Electronic exchange 
can be by smartphone, regular telephone, computer or tablet and can include 
video. You must complete a brief medical history  and symptom assessment 
before receiving services. A cost-share may apply and is due at the time of 
your telehealth visit. Go to myCigna.com to register for the telehealth vendor’s 
services. For questions and more details, c all the Cigna Healthcare telehealth 
vendor at  1-866-918-7836 (TTY 1-800-770-5531 ). or call Customer Service.
· Some telehealth services including consultation, diagnosis, and treatment by a 
physician or practitioner, for patients in certain rural areas or other places 
approved by Medicare
· Telehealth services for monthly end-stage renal disease-related visits for home 
dialysis members in a hospital-based or critical access hospital-based renal 
dialysis center, renal dialysis facility, or the member's home
· Telehealth services to diagnose, evaluate, or treat symptoms of a stroke, 
regardless of your location
· Telehealth services for members with a substance use disorder or co-occurring 
mental health disorder, regardless of their location
· Telehealth services for diagnosis, evaluation, and treatment of mental health 
disorders if:
o You have an in-person visit within 6 months prior to your first telehealth visit
o You have an in-person visit every 12 months while receiving these telehealth 
services
o Exceptions can be made to the above for certain circumstances
· Telehealth  services for mental health visits provided by Rural Health Clinics and 
Federally Qualified Health Centers
· Virtual check-ins (for example, by phone or video chat) with your doctor for 5-10 
minutes if:
o You’re not a new patient and
o The check-in isn’t related to an office visit in the past 7 days and
o The check-in doesn’t lead to an office visit within 24 hours or the soonest 
available appointment
· Evaluation of video and/or images you send to your doctor, and interpretation and 
follow-up by your doctor within 24 hours if:
o You’re not a new patient and$0 copayment  in a Primary Care 
Physician  office or $15 copayment  in a 
Specialist  office for each Medicare-
covered  Other Health Care 
Professional  Service Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services