102025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 1.     Getting started as a member
· If you lose “Extra Help, ” you may be subject to the late enrollment penalty if you go 63 days or more in a row without Part D 
or other creditable prescription drug coverage.
You can find out more about the “Extra Help ” program in Chapter 2, Section 7.
SECTION 6        Keeping your plan membership record up to date
Your membership record has information from your enrollment form, including your address and telephone number. It shows your 
specific plan coverage, including your Primary Care Provider/Medical Group/IPA. A Medical Group is an association of primary 
care providers (PCPs), specialists and/or ancillary providers, such as therapists and radiologists. An Independent Physician 
Association, or IPA, is a group of primary care and specialty care physicians who work together in coordinating your medical 
needs.
The doctors, hospitals, pharmacists, and other providers in the plan’s network need to have correct information about you. These 
network providers use your membership record to know what services and drugs are covered and the cost sharing 
amounts for you . Because of this, it is very important that you help us keep your information up to date.
Let us know about these changes:
· Changes to your name, your address, or your phone number
· Changes in any other health insurance coverage you have (such as from your employer, your spouse  or domestic partner ’s 
employer, workers’ compensation, or Medicaid)
· If you have any liability claims, such as claims from an automobile accident
· If you have been admitted to a nursing home
· If you receive care in an out-of-area or out-of-network hospital or emergency room
· If your designated responsible party (such as a caregiver) changes
· If you are participating in a clinical research study ( Note:  You are not required to tell your plan about the clinical research 
studies you intend to participate in , but we encourage you to do so)
If any of this information changes, please let us know by calling Customer Service.
It is also important to contact Social Security if you move or change your mailing address. You can find phone numbers and 
contact information for Social Security in Chapter 2, Section 5.
SECTION 7        How other insurance works with our plan
Other insurance
Medicare requires us to collect information from you about any other medical insurance coverage and/or drug insurance coverage 
that you may have. This is because we must coordinate any other coverage you have with your benefits under our plan. This is 
called Coordination of Benefits .
Once a year, and also  when Medicare informs us of changes in your other insurance coverage, we will send you a letter along with 
a questionnaire to confirm the other insurance coverage. Please complete the questionnaire and return it to us or call Customer 
Service to let us know if you still have the other insurance coverage or it has ended. If you have other medical insurance coverage 
or drug insurance coverage that is not listed on the letter, please call Customer Service to let us know about this other coverage. 
You may need to give our plan member ID number to your other insurers (once you have confirmed their identity) so your bills are 
paid correctly and on time.
When you have other insurance (like employer group health coverage), there are rules set by Medicare that decide whether our 
plan or your other insurance pays first. The insurance that pays first is called the primary payer and pays up to the limits of its 
coverage. The one that pays second, called the secondary payer, only pays if there are costs left uncovered by the primary 
coverage. The secondary payer may not pay all of  the uncovered costs. If you have other insurance, tell your doctor, hospital, and 
pharmacy.
These rules apply for employer or union group health plan coverage:
· If you have retiree coverage, Medicare pays first.