202025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 2.     Important phone numbers and resources
3. A screen print from the State’s Medicaid systems showing your institutional status based on at least a full calendar 
month’s stay for Medicaid payment purposes.
4. For Individuals receiving home and community based services (HCBS), you may submit a copy of:
a)  A State-issued Notice of Action, Notice of Determination, or Notice of Enrollment that includes the beneficiary’s name 
and HCBS eligibility date during a month after June of the previous calendar year;
b)  A State-approved HCBS Service Plan that includes the beneficiary’s name and effective date beginning during a 
month after June of the previous calendar year;
c)  A State-issued prior authorization approval letter for HCBS that includes the beneficiary’s name and effective date 
beginning during a month after June of the previous calendar year;
d)  Other documentation provided by the State showing HCBS eligibility status during a month after June of the previous 
calendar year; or,
e)  A state-issued document, such as a remittance advice, confirming payment for HCBS, including the beneficiary’s 
name and the dates of HCBS.
· When we receive the evidence showing your copayment level, we will update our system so that you can pay the correct 
copayment when you get your next prescription at the pharmacy. If you overpay your copayment, we will reimburse you. 
Either we will forward a check to you in the amount of your overpayment or we will offset future copayments. If the pharmacy 
hasn’t collected a copayment from you and is carrying your copayment as a debt owed by you, we may make the payment 
directly to the pharmacy. If a state paid on your behalf, we may make payment directly to the state. Please contact Customer 
Service if you have questions.
What if you have “Extra Help ” and coverage from an AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP)?
What is the AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP)?
The AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP) helps ADAP-eligible individuals living with HIV/AIDS have access to life-saving HIV 
medications. Medicare Part D prescription drugs that are also on the ADAP formulary qualify for prescription cost -sharing 
assistance through the Virginia Medication Assistance Program (VA MAP) .
Note:  To be eligible for the ADAP operating in your State, individuals must meet certain criteria, including proof of State residence 
and HIV status, low income as defined by the State, and uninsured/under-insured status. If you change plans,  please notify your 
local ADAP enrollment worker so you can continue to receive assistance. For information on eligibility criteria, covered drugs, or 
how to enroll in the program , please call
Method Virginia Medication Assistance Program (VA MAP)  – Contact Information
CALL 1-855-362-0658
Hours are Mon. and Wed. 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m., Tues., Thur. and Fri. 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
TTY 711
This number requires special telephone equipment and is only for people who have difficulties with hearing or 
speaking.
WRITE Virginia Medication Assistance Program (VA MAP)  Virginia Department of Health, HCS Unit, 1st Floor, 109 
Governor Street, Richmond, VA 23219
WEBSITE https://www.vdh.virginia.gov/disease-prevention/eligibility/
The Medicare Prescription Payment Plan
The Medicare Prescription Payment Plan is a new payment option that works with your current drug coverage, and it can help you 
manage your drug costs by spreading them across monthly payments that vary throughout the year  (January – December). 
This payment option might help you manage your expenses, but it doesn’t save you money or lower your drug costs.  
“Extra Help ” from Medicare and help from your SPAP and ADAP, for those who qualify, is more advantageous than participation in 
the Medicare Prescription Payment Plan. All members are eligible to participate in this payment option, regardless of income level, 
and all Medicare drug plans and Medicare health plans with drug coverage must offer this payment option. Contact us or visit 