1002025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
● For fast appeals, we must give you our answer within 72 hours after we receive your appeal . We will give you our answer 
sooner if your health requires us to. 
o However , if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can take up to 14 more calendar 
days  if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra days, we will tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time if 
your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.
o If we do not give you an answer within 72 hours (or by the end of the extended time period if we took extra days), we are 
required to automatically send your request on to Level 2 of the appeals process, where it will be reviewed by an independent 
review organization. Section 5.4 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
● If our answer  is yes to part or all of what  you requested,  we must  authorize  or provide  the coverage  we have  agreed  to 
provide  within  72 hours  after we receive  your appeal.
● If our answer is no to part or all of what you requested, we will send you our decision in writing and automatically forward 
your appeal to the independent review organization for a Level 2 appeal. The independent review organization will notify you 
in writing when it receives your appeal.  
Deadlines for a standard appeal
● For standard appeals, we must give you our answer within 30 calendar days  after we receive your appeal. If your request 
is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug you have not yet received, we will give you our answer  within 7 calendar days 
after we receive your appeal. We will give you our decision sooner if your health condition requires us to. 
o However , if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can take up to 14 more calendar 
days  if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra days, we will tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to 
make a decision if your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.
o If you believe we should  not take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. When you file a fast complaint, we will give you an 
answer to your complaint within 24 hours. (See Section 10 of this chapter for information on complaints.)
o If we do not give you an answer by the deadline (or by the end of the extended time period), we will send your request to a Level 
2 appeal, where an independent review organization will review the appeal. Section 5.4 explains the Level 2 appeal process.
● If our answer is yes to part or all of what you requested,  we must authorize or provide the coverage within 30 calendar 
days  if your request is for a medical item or service, or within 7 calendar days  if your request is for a Medicare Part B 
prescription drug.
● If our answer is no to part or all of what you requested,  we will automatically send your appeal to the independent review 
organization for a Level 2 Appeal.
Section 5.4        Step-by-step: How a Level 2 appeal is done
Legal Term
The formal name for the independent review organization is the Independent Review Entity.  It is sometimes 
called the IRE.
The independent review organization is an independent organization hired by Medicare.  It is not connected with us and is 
not a government agency. This organization decides whether the decision we made is correct or if it should be changed. Medicare 
oversees its work.
Step 1:  The independent review organization reviews your appeal.
· We will send the information about your appeal to this organization. This information is called your case file . You have the 
right to ask us for a copy of your case file . We are allowed to charge you a fee for copying and sending this information to 
you.
· You have a right to give the independent review organization additional information to support your appeal.
· Reviewers at the independent review organization will take a careful look at all of the information related to your appeal.
If you had a fast appeal at Level 1, you will also have a fast appeal at Level 2
· For the fast appeal , the review organization must give you an answer to your Level 2 appeal within 72 hours  of when it 
receives your appeal.