2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)99
calendar days  if your request is for a medical item or service. If we take extra days, we will tell you in writing. We can’t take 
extra time to make a decision if your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.
o If you believe we should not take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. We will give you an answer to your complaint as 
soon as we make the decision. (The process for making a complaint is different from the process for coverage decisions and 
appeals. See Section 10 of this chapter for information on complaints.) 
For fast coverage decisions we use an expedited timeframe 
A fast coverage decision means we will answer within 72 hours if your request is for a medical item or service. If your 
request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug, we will answer within 24 hours. 
o However,  if you ask for more time, or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can take up to 14 more 
calendar days . If we take extra days, we will tell you in writing. We can’t take extra time to make a decision if your request is 
for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.
o If you believe we should not take extra days, you can file a fast complaint. (See Section 10 of this chapter for information on 
complaints.) We will call you as soon as we make the decision. 
o If our answer  is no to part or all of what  you requested,  we will send  you a written  statement  that explains  why we said no.
Step 4: If we say no to your request for coverage for medical care, you can appeal.
● If we say no, you have the right to ask us to reconsider this decision by making an appeal. This means asking again to get 
the medical care coverage you want. If you make an appeal, it means you are going on to Level 1 of the appeals process.  
Section 5.3        Step-by-step: How to make a Level 1 appeal
Legal Terms
An appeal to the plan about a medical care coverage decision is called a plan reconsideration.
A fast appeal is also called an expedited reconsideration.
Step 1:  Decide if you need a standard appeal or a fast appeal.
A standard appeal is usually made within 30 calendar days  or 7 calendar days for Part B drugs . A fast appeal is generally 
made within 72 hours.
● If you are appealing a decision we made about coverage for care that you have not yet received, you and/or your doctor will 
need to decide if you need a fast appeal. If your doctor tells us that your health requires a fast appeal, we will give you a fast 
appeal.
● The requirements for getting a fast appeal are the same as those for getting a fast coverage decision in Section 5.2 of this 
chapter.
Step 2:  Ask our plan for an appeal o r a fast appeal.
● If you are asking for a standard appeal, submit your standard appeal in writing.  Chapter 2 has contact information.
● If you are asking for a fast appeal, make your appeal in writing or call us.  Chapter 2 has contact information.
● You must make your appeal request within 6 5 calendar days  from the date on the written notice we sent to tell you our 
answer on the coverage decision. If you miss this deadline and have a good reason for missing it, explain the reason your 
appeal is late when you make your appeal. We may give you more time to make your appeal. Examples of good cause may 
include a serious illness that prevented you from contacting us or if we provided you with incorrect or incomplete information 
about the deadline for requesting an appeal.
● You can ask for a copy of the information regarding your medical decision. You and your doctor may add more 
information to support your appeal . We are allowed to charge a fee for copying and sending this information to you.
Step 3: We consider your appeal and we give you our answer.
● When our plan is reviewing your appeal, we take a careful look at all of the information. We check to see if we were following 
all the rules when we said no to your request.
● We will gather more information if needed , possibly contacting you or your doctor .
Deadlines for a fast appeal