2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)113
Step 1:  Contact the Quality Improvement Organization again and ask for another review.
· You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days  after the day when the Quality Improvement Organization said no to 
your Level 1 appeal. You can ask for this review only if you continued getting care after the date that your coverage for the 
care ended.
Step 2:  The Quality Improvement Organization does a second review of your situation.
· Reviewers at the Quality Improvement Organization will take another careful look at all of the information related to your 
appeal.
Step 3:  Within 14 calendar days of receipt of your appeal request, reviewers will decide on your appeal and tell you their 
decision.
What happens if the review organization says yes?
· We must reimburse you  for our share of the costs of care you have received since the date when we said your coverage 
would end. We must continue providing coverage  for the care for as long as it is medically necessary.
· You must continue to pay your share of the costs and there may be coverage limitations that apply.
What happens if the review organization says no?
· It means they agree with the decision we made to your Level 1 appeal.
· The notice you get will tell you in writing what you can do if you wish to continue with the review process. It will give you the 
details about how to go on to the next level of appeal, which is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney 
adjudicator.
Step 4:  If the answer is no, you will need to decide whether you want to take your appeal further.
· There are three additional levels of appeal after Level 2, for a total of five levels of appeal. If want to go on to a Level 3 
appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after your Level 2 appeal decision.
· The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 9 in this chapter tells more 
about Levels 3,4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 9        Taking your appeal to Level 3 and beyond
Section 9.1        Appeal Levels 3, 4 and 5 for Medical Service Requests
This section may be appropriate for you if you have made a Level 1 appeal and a Level 2  appeal , and both of your appeals have 
been turned down.
If the dollar value of the item or medical service you have appealed meets certain minimum levels, you may be able to go on to 
additional levels of appeal. If the dollar value is less than the minimum level , you cannot appeal any further. The written response 
you receive to your Level 2 appeal will explain how to make a Level 3 appeal.
For most situations that involve appeals, the last three levels of appeal work in much the same way. Here is who handles the 
review of your appeal at each of these levels.
Level 3 Appeal       An Administrative Law Judge or an attorney adjudicator who works for the Federal government  will 
review your appeal and give you an answer.
· If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says yes to your appeal, the appeals process may or may 
not be over . Unlike a decision at a Level 2 appeal, we have the right to appeal a Level 3 decision that is favorable to you. If 
we decide to appeal it will go to a Level 4 appeal.
o If we decide not to appeal, we must authorize or provide you with the medical care  within 60 calendar days after 
receiving the Administrative Law Judge’s or attorney adjudicator’s decision.
o If we decide to appeal the decision, we will send you a copy of the Level 4 appeal request with any accompanying 
documents. We may wait for the Level 4 appeal decision before authorizing or providing the medical care  in dispute.
· If the Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator says no to your appeal, the appeals process may or may 
not be over .