1022025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
payment. Instead, we will send you a letter that says we will not pay for the medical care  and the reasons why.
If you do not agree with our decision to turn you down, you can make an appeal . If you make an appeal, it means you are asking 
us to change the coverage decision we made when we turned down your request for payment.
To make this appeal, follow the process for appeals that we describe in Section 5.3. For appeals concerning reimbursement, 
please note:
· We must  give you our answer  within  60 calendar  days  after we receive  your appeal. If you are asking us to pay you back for 
medical care you have already received and paid for , you are not allowed to ask for a fast  appeal.
· If the independent review organization decides we should pay, we must send you or the provider the payment within 30 
calendar days . If the answer to your appeal is yes at any stage of the appeals process after Level 2, we must send the 
payment you requested to you or to the provider within 60 calendar days .
SECTION 6        Your Part D prescription drugs: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
Section 6.1        This section tells you what to do if you have problems getting a Part D drug or you want us to pay 
you back for a Part D drug
Your benefits include coverage for many prescription drugs. To be covered, the drug must be used for a medically accepted 
indication. (See Chapter 5 for more information about a medically accepted indication.) For details about Part D drugs, rules, 
restrictions, and costs please see Chapters 5 and 6. This section is about your Part D drugs only.  To keep things simple, we 
generally say drug in the rest of this section, instead of repeating co vered outpatient prescription drug or Part D drug  every time. 
We also use the term Drug List instead of List of Covered Drugs  or Formulary.
· If you do not know if a drug is covered or if you meet the rules, you can ask us. Some drugs require that you get approval 
from us before we will cover it.
· If your pharmacy tells you that your prescription cannot be filled as written, the pharmacy will give you a written notice 
explaining how to contact us to ask for a coverage decision.
Part D coverage decisions and appeals
Legal Term
An initial coverage decision about your Part D drugs is called a coverage determination.
A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about the amount we will pay for your drugs. This 
section tells what you can do if you are in any of the following situations :
· Asking to cover a Part D drug that is not on the plan’s List of Covered Drugs. Ask for an exception. Section 6.2
· Asking to waive a restriction on the plan’s coverage for a drug (such as limits on the amount of the drug you can get , prior 
authorization, or the requirement to try another drug first ). Ask for an exception. Section 6.2
· Asking to pay  a lower cost-sharing amount for a covered drug on higher cost-sharing tier. Ask for an exception. Section 
6.2
· Asking to get pre-approval for a drug. Ask for a coverage decision. Section 6.4
· Pay for a prescription drug you already bought. Ask us to pay you back. Section 6.4
If you disagree with a coverage decision we have made, you can appeal our decision.
This section  tells you both how to ask for coverage  decisions  and how to request  an appeal.  
Section 6.2        What is an exception?
Legal Terms
Asking for coverage of a drug that is not on the Drug List is sometimes called asking for a formulary exception.
Asking for removal of a restriction on coverage for a drug is sometimes called asking for a formulary exceptio n.
Asking to pay a lower price for a covered non-preferred drug is sometimes  called asking for a tiering exception.