382025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
  Cardiovascular disease testing
Blood tests for the detection of cardiovascular disease (or abnormalities associated with 
an elevated risk of cardiovascular disease) once every 5 years (60 months).There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for cardiovascular 
disease testing that is covered once 
every 5 years.
  Cervical and vaginal cancer screening
Covered services include:
· For all women: Pap tests and pelvic exams are covered once every 24 months
· If you are at high risk of cervical or vaginal cancer or you are of childbearing age 
and have had an abnormal Pap test within the past 3 years: one Pap test every 12 
monthsThere is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for Medicare-covered 
preventive Pap and pelvic exams.
Chiropractic services  (Medicare-covered)
Covered services include:
· We cover only manual manipulation of the spine to correct subluxation (when one 
or more of the bones of your spine move out of position) if you get it from a 
licensed chiropractor.Prior authorization may be required.
$20 copayment  for each Medicare-
covered chiropractic visit . 
  Colorectal cancer screening
The following screening tests are covered:
· Colonoscopy has no minimum or maximum age limitation and is covered once every 
120 months (10 years) for patients not at high risk, or 48 months after a previous 
flexible sigmoidoscopy for patients who are not at high risk for colorectal cancer, and 
once every 24 months for high risk patients after a previous screening colonoscopy or 
barium enema.
· Flexible sigmoidoscopy for patients 45 years and older. Once every 120 months for 
patients not at high risk after the patient received a screening colonoscopy. Once 
every 48 months for high risk patients from the last flexible sigmoidoscopy or barium 
enema.  
· Screening fecal-occult blood tests for patients 45 years and older. Once every 12 
months. 
· Multitarget stool DNA for patients 45 to 85 years of age and not meeting high risk 
criteria. Once every 3 years.
· Blood-based Biomarker Tests for patients 45 to 85 years of age and not meeting high 
risk criteria. Once every 3 years.
· Barium Enema as an alternative to colonoscopy for patients at high risk and 24 
months since the last screening barium enema or the last screening colonoscopy.
· Barium Enema as an alternative to flexible sigmoidoscopy for patient not at high risk 
and 45 years or older. Once at least 48 months following the last screening barium 
enema or screening flexible sigmoidoscopy.
Colorectal cancer screening tests include a follow-on screening colonoscopy after a 
Medicare covered non-invasive stool-based colorectal cancer screening test returns a 
positive result.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for a Medicare-covered 
colorectal cancer screening exam , 
excluding barium enemas, for which 
coinsurance applies. If your doctor 
finds and removes a polyp or other 
tissue during the colonoscopy or 
flexible sigmoidoscopy, the screening 
exam becomes a diagnostic exam .
$0 copayment for Medicare-covered 
diagnostic exams and any surgical 
procedures (i.e., polyp removal) during 
a colorectal screening. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services