742025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs
· Prescriptions written for drugs that have ingredients you are allergic to
· Possible errors in the amount (dosage) of a drug you are taking
· Unsafe amounts of opioid pain medications
If we see a possible problem in your use of medications, we will work with your provider to correct the problem.
Section 10.2        Drug Management Program (DMP) to help members safely use their opioid medications
We have a program that can help make sure members safely use their prescription opioid medications and other frequently 
abused medications. This program is called a Drug Management Program (DMP). If you use opioid medications that you get from 
several prescribers  or pharmacies, or if you had a recent opioid overdose, we may talk to your prescribers  to make sure your use 
of opioid medications is appropriate and medically necessary. Working with your prescribers , if we decide your use of prescription 
opioid or benzodiazepine medications may not be  safe, we may limit how you can get those medications. If we place you in our 
DMP, the limitations may be:
· Requiring you to get all your prescriptions for opioid or benzodiazepine medications from a certain pharmacy( ies)
· Requiring you to get all your prescriptions for opioid or benzodiazepine medications from a certain prescriber (s)
· Limiting the amount of opioid or benzodiazepine medications we will cover for you
If we plan on limiting how you may get these medications or how much you can get, we will send you a letter in advance. The 
letter will tell you if we will limit coverage of these drugs for you, or if you’ll be required to get the prescriptions for these drugs only 
from a specific prescriber  or pharmacy.  You will have an opportunity to tell us which prescribers  or pharmacies you prefer to use, 
and about any other information you think is important for us to know. After you’ve had the opportunity to respond, if we decide to 
limit your coverage for these medications, we will send you another letter confirming the limitation. If you think we made a mistake 
or you disagree with our de cision  or with the limitation, you and your prescriber have the right to appeal. If you appeal, we will 
review your case and give you a new decision. If we continue to deny any part of your request related to the limitations that apply 
to your access to medications, we will automatically send your case to an independent reviewer outside of our plan. See Chapter 9 
for information about how to ask for an appeal.
You will not be placed in our DMP if you have certain medical conditions, such as cancer-related pain or sickle cell disease, you 
are receiving hospice, palliative, or end-of-life care, or live in a long-term care facility.
Section 10.3        Medication Therapy Management (MTM) program to help members manage their medications
We have a program that can help our members with complex health needs. Our program is called a Medication Therapy 
Management (MTM) program. This program is voluntary and free. A team of pharmacists and doctors developed the program for 
us to help make sure that our members get the most benefit from the drugs they take.
Some members who have certain chronic diseases and  take medications that exceed a specific amount of  drug costs or  are in a 
DMP to help members use their opioids safely, may be able to get services through an MTM program. If you qualify for the 
program, a  pharmacist or other health professional will give you a comprehensive review of all your medications. During the 
review, you can talk about your medications, your costs, and any problems or questions you have about your prescription and 
over-the-counter medications. You’ll get a written summary which has a recommended to-do list that includes steps you should 
take to get the best results from your medications. You’ll also get a medication list that will include all the medications you’re 
taking, how much you take, and when and why you take them. In addition, members in the MTM program will receive information 
on the safe disposal of prescription medications that are controlled substances.
It’s a good idea to talk to your doctor about your recommended to-do list and medication list. Bring the summary with you to your 
visit or anytime you talk with your doctors, pharmacists, and other health care providers. Also, keep your medication list up to date 
and with you (for example, with your ID) in case you go to the hospital or emergency room.
If we have a program that fits your needs, we will automatically enroll you in the program and send you information. If you decide 
not to participate, please notify us and we will withdraw you. If you have any questions about this program , please contact 
Customer Service.