2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)97
Section 4.2        How to get help when you are asking for a coverage decision or making an appeal
Here are resources if you decide to ask for any kind of coverage decision or appeal a decision:
· You can call us at Customer Service .
· You can get free help from  your State Health Insurance Assistance Program.
· Your doctor can make a request for you.  If your doctor helps with an appeal past Level 2, they will need to be appointed 
as your representative. Please call Customer Service and ask for the Appointment of Representatives  form. (The form is 
also available on Medicare’s website at www.cms.gov/Medicare/CMS-Forms/CMS-Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf .)
o For medical care or Part B prescription drugs, your doctor can request a coverage decision or a Level 1 Appeal on your 
behalf. If your appeal is denied at Level 1, it will be automatically forwarded to Level 2. 
o For Part D prescription drugs, your doctor or other prescriber can request a coverage decision or a Level 1 appeal on 
your behalf. If your Level 1 appeal is denied your doctor or prescriber can request  a Level 2 appeal.
· You can ask someone to act on your behalf. If you want to, you can name another person to act for you as your 
representative to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal.
o If you want a friend, relative, or other person to be your representative, call Customer Service and ask for the 
Appointment of Representative  form. (The form is also available on Medicare’s website at www.cms.gov/Medicare/CMS-
Forms/CMS-Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf .) The form gives that person permission to act on your behalf. It must be 
signed by you and by the person who you would like to act on your behalf. You must give us a copy of the signed form.
o While we can accept an appeal request without the form, we cannot complete our review until we receive it. If we do not 
receive the form before our deadline for making a decision on your appeal, your appeal request will be dismissed. If this 
happens, we will send you a written notice explaining your right to ask the independent review organization to review our 
decision to dismiss your appeal.
· You also have the right to hire a lawyer. You may contact your own lawyer or get the name of a lawyer from your local bar 
association or other referral service. There are also groups that will give you free legal services if you qualify. However, you 
are not required to hire a lawyer  to ask for any kind of coverage decision or appeal a decision.
Section 4.3        Which section of this chapter gives the details for your situation?
There are four different types of situations that involve coverage decisions and appeals. Since each situation has different rules 
and deadlines, we give the details for each one in a separate section:
· Section 5  of this chapter: Your medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
· Section 6  of this chapter: Your Part D prescription drugs: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal
· Section 7  of this chapter: How to ask us to cover a longer inpatient hospital stay if you think you are being discharged too 
soon
· Section 8  of this chapter: How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your coverage is ending too 
soon ( Applies only to these services : home health care, skilled nursing facility care, and Comprehensive Outpatient 
Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services)
If you’re not sure which section you should be using, please call Customer Service. You can also get help or information from 
government organizations such as your SHIP.
SECTION 5        Your medical care: How to ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal  of a coverage decision
Section 5.1        This section tells what to do if you have problems getting coverage for medical care or if you want 
us to pay you back for our share of the cost of your care
This section  is about  your benefits  for medical  care.  These  benefits  are described  in Chapter  4 of this document:  Medical Benefits 
Chart (what is covered and what you pay). In some cases, different rules apply to a request for a Part B prescription drug. In those 
cases, we will explain how the rules for Part B prescription drugs are different from the rules for medical items and  services.
This section tells what you can do if you are in any of the five following situations: