962025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Skip ahead to  Section 10 at the end of this chapter:  How to make a complaint about quality of care, 
waiting times, customer service or other concerns.
 
COVERAGE DECISIONS AND APPEALS
SECTION 4        A guide to the basics of coverage decisions and appeals
Section 4.1        Asking for coverage decisions and making appeals: the big picture
Coverage decisions and appeals deal with problems related to your benefits and coverage for your medical care (services, items 
and Part B prescription drugs, including payment). To keep things simple, we generally refer to medical items, services and 
Medicare Part B prescription drugs as medical care . You use the coverage decision and appeals process for issues such as 
whether something is covered or not and the way in which something is covered.
Asking for coverage decisions prior to receiving benefits
A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage or about the amount we will pay for your medical 
care. For example, if your plan network doctor refers you to a medical specialist not inside the network, this referral is considered a 
favorable coverage decision unless either your network doctor can show that you received a standard denial notice for this 
medical specialist, of the Evidence of Coverage  makes it clear that the referred service is never covered under any condition. You 
or your doctor can also contact us and ask for a coverage decision if your doctor is unsure whether we will cover a particular 
medical service or refuses to provide medical care you think that you need. In other words, if you want to know if we will cover a  
medical care before you receive it, you can ask us to make a coverage decision for you. In limited circumstances a request for a 
coverage decision will be dismissed, which means we won’t review the request. Examples of when a request will be dismissed 
include if the request is incomplete, if someone makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally authorized to do so or if you ask 
for your request to be withdrawn. If we dismiss a request for a coverage decision, we will send a notice explaining why the request 
was dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal.
We are making a coverage decision for you whenever we decide what is covered for you and how much we pay. In some cases, 
we might decide medical care is not covered or is no longer covered by Medicare for you. If you disagree with this coverage 
decision, you can make an appeal.
Making an appeal
If we make a coverage decision, whether before or after a benefit  is received, and you are not satisfied, you can appeal  the 
decision. An appeal is a formal way of asking us to review and change a coverage decision we have made. Under certain 
circumstances, which we discuss later, you can request an expedited or fast appeal  of a coverage decision. Your appeal is 
handled by different reviewers than those who made the original decision.
When you appeal a decision for the first time, this is called a Level 1 appeal. In this appeal, we review the coverage decision we 
made to check to see if we were properly following the rules. When we have completed the review, we give you our decision. In 
limited circumstances a request for a Level 1 appeal will be dismissed, which means we won’t review the request. Examples of 
when a request will be dismissed include if the request is incomplete, if someone makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally 
authorized to do so or if you ask for your request to be withdrawn. If we dismiss a request for a Level 1 appeal, we will send a 
notice explaining why the request was dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal.
If we say no to all or part of your Level 1 appeal for medical care , your appeal will automatically go on to a Level 2 appeal 
conducted by an independent review organization that is not connected to us. 
● You do not need to do anything to start a Level 2 appeal. Medicare rules require we automatically send your appeal for 
medical care to Level 2 if we do not fully agree with your Level 1 appeal.
● See Section 5.4 of this chapter for more information about Level 2 appeals  for medical care .
● Part D appeals are discussed further in Section 6 of this chapter. 
If you are not  satisfied with the decision at the Level 2 appeal, you may be able to continue through additional levels of appeal 
(Section 9 in this chapter explains the Level 3, 4, and 5 appeals processes). 