702025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs
If your drug is in a cost-sharing tier you think is too high, talk to your provider. There may be a different drug in a lower cost-
sharing tier that might work just as well for you. Call Customer Service to ask for a list of covered drugs that treat the same 
medical condition. This list can help your provider find a covered drug that might work for you.
You can ask for an exception
You and your provider can ask the plan to make an exception in the cost-sharing tier for the drug so that you pay less for 
it. If your provider says that you have medical reasons that justify asking us for an exception, your provider can help you request 
an exception to the rule.
If you and your provider want to ask for an exception, Chapter 9, Section 6.4 tells what to do.  It explains the procedures and 
deadlines that have been set by Medicare to make sure your request is handled promptly and fairly.
Drugs in our Tier 5 (Specialty Tier) are not eligible for this type of exception. We do not lower the cost sharing amount for drugs in 
this tier.
SECTION 6        What if your coverage changes for one of your drugs?
Section 6.1        The Drug List  can change during the year
Most of the changes in drug coverage happen at the beginning of each year (January 1). However, during the year, the plan might 
make changes to the Drug List. For example, the plan might:
· Add or remove drugs from the Drug List.
· Move a drug to a higher or lower cost sharing tier.
· Add or remove a restriction on coverage for a drug.
· Replace a brand name drug with a generic  version of the  drug.
· Replace an original biological product with an  interchangeable biosimilar version of the biological product.
We must follow Medicare requirements before we change the plan’s Drug List.
See Chapter 12 for definitions of the drug types discussed in this chapter.
Section 6.2        What happens if coverage changes for a drug you are taking?
Information on changes to drug coverage
When changes to the Drug List occur, we post information on our website about those changes. We also update our online Drug 
List regularly. This section describes the types of changes we may make to the Drug List and  when you will get direct notice if 
changes were made for a drug that you are taking. 
Changes we may make to the Drug List that affect you during the current plan year
· Adding new drugs to the Drug List and immediately  removing or making changes to a like drug on the Drug List. 
o When adding a new version of a drug to the Drug List, we may immediately remove a like drug from the Drug List, 
move the like drug to a different cost-sharing tier, add new restrictions, or both. The new version of the drug will 
be on the same or a lower cost-sharing tier and with the same or fewer restrictions.
o We will make these immediate changes only if we are adding a new generic version of a brand name or adding 
certain new biosimilar versions of an original biological product that was already on the Drug List.
o We may make these changes immediately and tell you later, even if you are taking the drug that we are removing 
or making changes to. If you are taking the like drug at the time we make the change, we will tell you about any 
specific change we made.
· Adding drugs to the Drug List and removing or making changes to a like drug on the Drug List with advance 
notice.