2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)39
Note:  If you receive a colonoscopy without previous symptoms, this is considered 
preventive or screening, and there will be no copayment or coinsurance. If your doctor is 
performing the colonoscopy because you have shown symptoms of a medical condition, 
this is considered outpatient surgery and cost share may apply (see Outpatient 
Surgery benefit in this chart for more information).
Dental services  (Medicare-covered)
In general, preventive dental services (such as cleaning, routine dental exams, and 
dental X-rays) are not covered by Original Medicare . However, Medicare currently pays 
for dental services in a limited number of circumstances, specifically when that service is 
an integral part of specific treatment of a beneficiary's primary medical condition. Some 
examples include reconstruction of the jaw following fracture or injury, tooth extractions 
done in preparation for radiation treatment for cancer involving the jaw, or oral exams 
preceding kidney transplantation.
See Physician/Practitioner services, including doctor’s office visits  benefit in this 
chart for more information on Medicare-covered non-routine dental services.Prior a uthorization may be required 
for Medicare-covered dental 
services.
$15 copayment  for Medicare-covered  
dental benefits
Dental services  (Routine)
This plan provides additional dental coverage not covered by Original Medicare.  The 
plan provides a Dental Allowance to reimburse routine preventive and comprehensive 
dental services. 
You can choose a Cigna Dental Allowance (DPPO) network provider or any licensed 
dental provider who is not on the Medicare preclusion or exclusion list. To review the 
exclusion list, go to: https://exclusions.oig.hhs.gov  or call Dental Customer Service. 
DPPO network providers will  bill Cigna Healthcare directly .  Providers outside the DPPO 
network may require payment at time of service, and you will need to submit a Dental 
Reimbursement Claim Form filled-out and signed by your provider with a receipt for 
services rendered. For a copy of this form, go to CignaMedicare.com/forms, or call 
Dental Customer Service. 
Unused balance of the allowance amount does not carry over to the following year. 
Cosmetic procedures are not covered. Limitations, exclusions, and restrictions may 
apply. 
For a list of excluded services, go to cignamedicare.com/resources to review the Cigna 
Dental Allowance Guide. For more information, call Dental Customer Service at 
1-866-213-7295 (TTY 711).  Allowance of $2,100 every year 
(combined preventive and 
comprehensive)  for routine  dental 
services . Customer  is responsible  for 
any amount over and above the 
allowance amount .
  Depression screening
We cover one screening for depression per year. The screening must be done in a 
primary care setting that can provide follow-up treatment and/or referrals.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for an annual depression 
screening visit.
  Diabetes screening
We cover this screening (includes fasting glucose tests) if you have any of the following 
risk factors: high blood pressure (hypertension), history of abnormal cholesterol and 
triglyceride levels (dyslipidemia), obesity, or a history of high blood sugar (glucose). 
Tests may also be covered if you meet other requirements, like being overweight and 
having a family history of diabetes.There is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the Medicare-covered 
diabetes screening tests. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services