922025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 8.     Your rights and responsibilities
You also have the right to stop taking your medication. Of course, if you refuse treatment or stop taking medication, you 
accept full responsibility for what happens to your body as a result.
You have the right to give instructions about what is to be done if you are not able to make medical decisions for 
yourself
Sometimes people become unable to make health care decisions for themselves due to accidents or serious illness. You have the 
right to say what you want to happen if you are in this situation. This means that, if you want to , you can:
· Fill out a written form to give someone the legal authority to make medical decisions for you if you ever become unable 
to make decisions for yourself.
· Give your doctors written instructions  about how you want them to handle your medical care if you become unable to 
make decisions for yourself.
The legal documents that you can use to give your directions in advance in these situations are called advance directives . There 
are different types of advance directives and different names for them. Documents called living wil l and power of attorney for 
health car e are examples of advance directives.
If you want to use an advance directive to give your instructions, here is what to do:
· Get the form.  You can get an advance directive form from your lawyer, from a social worker, or from some office supply 
stores. You can sometimes get advance directive forms from organizations that give people information about Medicare.
· Fill it out and sign it.  Regardless of where you get this form, keep in mind that it is a legal document. You should consider 
having a lawyer help you prepare it.
· Give copies to appropriate people. You should give a copy of the form to your doctor and to the person you name on the 
form who can  make decisions for you if you can’t. You may want to give copies to close friends or family members. Keep a 
copy at home.
If you know ahead of time that you are going to be hospitalized, and you have signed an advance directive, take a copy with you 
to the hospital .
· The hospital will ask you whether you have signed an advance directive form and whether you have it with you.
· If you have not signed an advance directive form, the hospital has forms available and will ask if you want to sign one.
Remember, it is your choice whether you want to fill out an advance directive  (including whether you want to sign one if you 
are in the hospital). According to law, no one can deny you care or discriminate against you based on whether or not you have 
signed an advance directive.
What if your instructions are not followed?
If you have signed an advance directive, and you believe that a doctor or hospital did not follow the instructions in it, you may file a 
complaint with Virginia Department of Health .
Section 1.6        You have the right to make complaints and to ask us to reconsider decisions we have made
If you have any problems, concerns or complaints and need to request coverage, or make an appeal, Chapter 9 of this document 
tells what you can do. Whatever you do — ask for a coverage decision, make an appeal, or make a complaint — we are required 
to treat you fairly .
Section 1.7        What can you do if you believe you are being treated unfairly or your rights are not being 
respected?
If it is about discrimination, call the Office for Civil Rights.
If you believe you have been treated unfairly or your rights have not been respected due to your race, disability, religion, sex, 
health, ethnicity, creed (beliefs), age, sexual orientation, or national origin, you should call the Department of Health and Human 
Services’ Office for Civil Rights  at 1-800-368-1019 or TTY 1-800-537-7697, or call your local Office for Civil Rights.
Is it about something else?
If you believe you have been treated unfairly or your rights have not been respected, and it’s not about discrimination, you can get 
help dealing with the problem you are having: