1102025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
· By noon of the day after the reviewers told us of your appeal, you will get a written notice from us that gives your planned 
discharge date. This notice also explains in detail the reasons why your doctor, the hospital, and we think it is right 
(medically appropriate) for you to be discharged on that date.
Step 3:  Within one full day after it has all the needed information, the Quality Improvement Organization will give you its 
answer to your appeal.
What happens if the answer is yes?
· If the review organization says yes, we must keep providing your covered inpatient hospital services for as long as 
these services are medically necessary .
· You will have to keep paying your share of the costs (such as deductibles or copayments, if these apply). In addition, there 
may be limitations on your covered hospital services.
What happens if the answer is no?
· If the review organization says no, they are saying that your planned discharge date is medically appropriate. If this 
happens, our coverage for your inpatient hospital services will end at noon on the day after the Quality Improvement 
Organization gives you its answer to your appeal.
· If the review organization says no to your appeal and you decide to stay in the hospital, then you may have to pay the full 
cost of hospital care you receive after noon on the day after the Quality Improvement Organization gives you its answer to 
your appeal.
Step 4:  If the answer to your Level 1 appeal is no, you decide if you want to make another appeal.
· If the Quality Improvement Organization has said no to your appeal, and you stay in the hospital after your planned 
discharge date, then you can make another appeal. Making another appeal means you are going on to Level 2  of the 
appeals process.
Section 7.3        Step-by-step: How to make a Level 2 appeal to change your hospital discharge date
During a Level 2 appeal, you ask the Quality Improvement Organization to take another look at their decision on your first appeal. 
If the Quality Improvement Organization turns down your Level 2 appeal, you may have to pay the full cost for your stay after your 
planned discharge date.
Step 1:  Contact the Quality Improvement Organization again and ask for another review.
· You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days after the day the Quality Improvement Organization said no to your 
Level 1 appeal. You can ask for this review only if you stay in the hospital after the date that your coverage for the care 
ended.
Step 2:  The Quality Improvement Organization does a second review of your situation.
· Reviewers at the Quality Improvement Organization will take another careful look at all of the information related to your 
appeal.
Step 3:  Within 14 calendar days of receipt of your request for a Level 2 appeal, the reviewers will decide on your appeal 
and tell you their decision.
If the review organization says yes:
· We must reimburse you  for our share of the costs of hospital care you have received since noon on the day after the date 
your first appeal was turned down by the Quality Improvement Organization. We must continue providing coverage  for 
your inpatient  hospital care for as long as it is medically necessary .
· You must continue to pay your share of the costs and coverage limitations may apply.
If the review organization says no:
· It means they agree with the decision they made on your Level 1 appeal. This is called upholding the decision.
· The notice you get will tell you in writing what you can do if you wish to continue with the review process.