282025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 3.     Using the plan for your medical services
Section 3.3        Getting care during a disaster
If the Governor of your state, the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the President of the United States declares a 
state of disaster or emergency in your geographic area, you are still entitled to care from your plan.
Please visit the following website: www.cigna.com/medicare/disaster-policy  for information on how to obtain needed care during a 
disaster.
If you cannot use a network provider during a disaster, your plan will allow you to obtain care fro m out-of-network providers at
in-network cost sharing. If you cannot use a network pharmacy during a disaster, you may be able to fill your prescription drugs at 
an out-of-network pharmacy. Please see Chapter 5, Section 2.5 for more information.
SECTION 4        What if you are billed directly for the full cost of your services?
Section 4.1        You can ask us to pay our share of the cost of covered services
If you have paid more than your plan cost-sharing for covered services, or if you have received a bill for the full cost of covered 
medical services, go to Chapter 7 ( Asking us to pay our share of a bill you have received for covered medical services or drugs ) for 
information about what to do.
Section 4.2        If services are not covered by our plan, you must pay the full cost
Our plan covers all medically necessary services as listed in the plan’s Medical Benefits Chart in Chapter 4 of this document. If you 
receive services not covered by our plan or services obtained out-of-network and were not authorized, you are responsible for 
paying the full cost of services.
For covered services that have a benefit limitation, you also pay the full cost of any services you get after you have used up your 
benefit for that type of covered service.  For example, you may have to pay the full cost of any skilled nursing facility care you get 
after our Plan’s payment reaches the benefit limit. Once you have used up your benefit limit, additional payments you make for the 
service do not count toward your annual out-of-pocket maximum. You can call Customer Service when you want to know how 
much of your benefit limit you have already used.
SECTION 5        How are your medical services covered when you are in a clinical research study?
Section 5.1        What is a clinical research study?
A clinical research study (also called a clinical trial ) is a way that doctors and scientists test new types of medical care, like how 
well a new cancer drug works. Certain clinical research studies are approved by Medicare. Clinical research studies approved by 
Medicare typically request volunteers to participate in the study. 
Once Medicare approves the study, and you express interest, someone who works on the study will contact you to explain more 
about the study and see if you meet the requirements set by the scientists who are running the study. You can participate in the 
study as long as you meet the requirements for the study and you have a full understanding and acceptance of what is involved if 
you participate in the study.
If you participate in a Medicare-approved study, Original Medicare pays most of the costs for the covered services you receive as 
part of the study. If you tell us that you are in a qualified clinical trial, then you are only responsible for the in-network cost sharing 
for the services in that trial. If you paid more, for example, if you already paid the Original Medicare cost-sharing amount, we will 
reimburse the difference between what you paid and the in-network cost sharing. However, you will need to provide documentation 
to show us how much you paid. When you are in a clinical research study, you may stay enrolled in our plan and continue to get 
the rest of your care (the care that is not related to the study) through our plan.
If you want to participate in any Medicare-approved clinical research study, you do not need to tell us or to get approval from us or 
your PCP. The providers that deliver your care as part of the clinical research study do not need to be part of our plan’s network of 
providers. Please note that this does not include benefits for which our plan is responsible that include, as a component, a clinical 
trial or registry to assess the benefit. These include certain benefits specified under national coverage determinations requiring 
coverage with evidence development  (NCDs-CED) and  investigational device exemption (IDE) studies and may be subject to  prior 
authorization and other plan rules.