682025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs
SECTION 4        There are restrictions on coverage for some drugs
Section 4.1        Why do some drugs have restrictions?
For certain prescription drugs, special rules restrict how and when the plan covers them. A team of doctors and pharmacists 
developed these rules to encourage you and your provider to use drugs in the most effective ways. To find out if any of these 
restrictions apply to a drug you take or want to take, check the Drug List. If a safe, lower-cost drug will work just as well medically 
as a higher-cost drug, the plan’s rules are designed to encourage you and your provider to use that lower-cost option.
Please note that sometimes a drug may appear more than once on our Drug List. This is because the same drugs can differ based 
on the strength, amount, or form of the drug prescribed by your health care provider, and different restrictions or cost sharing may 
apply to the different versions of the drug (for instance, 10 mg versus 100 mg; one per day versus two per day; tablet versus 
liquid).
Section 4.2        What kinds of restrictions?
The sections below tell you more about the types of restrictions we use for certain drugs.
If there is a restriction for your drug, it usually means that you or your provider will have to take extra steps in order for 
us to cover the drug.  Contact Customer  Service to learn what you or your provider would need to do to get coverage for the 
drug. If you want us to waive the restriction for you, you will need to use the coverage decision process and ask us to 
make an exception.  We may or may not agree to waive the restriction for you. (See Chapter 9)
Getting plan approval in advance
For certain drugs, you or your provider need to get approval from the plan before we will agree to cover the drug for you. This is 
called prior authorization . This is put in place to ensure medication safety and help guide appropriate use of certain drugs. If you 
do not get this approval, your drug might not be covered by the plan.
Trying a different drug first
This requirement encourages you to try less costly but usually just as effective drugs before the plan covers another drug. For 
example, if Drug A and Drug B treat the same medical condition, the plan may require you to try Drug A first. If Drug A does not 
work for you, the plan will then cover Drug B. This requirement to try a different drug first is called step therapy .
Quantity limits
For certain drugs, we limit how much of a drug you can get each time you fill your prescription. For example, if it is normally 
considered safe to take only one pill per day for a certain drug, we may limit coverage for your prescription to no more than one pill 
per day.
SECTION 5        What if one of your drugs is not covered in the way you’d like it to be covered?
Section 5.1        There are things you can do if your drug is not covered in the way you’d like it to be covered
There are situations where there is a prescription drug you are taking, or one that you and your provider think you should be 
taking, that is not on our formulary or is on our formulary with restrictions. For example:
· The drug might not be covered at all. Or maybe a generic version of the drug is covered but the brand name version you 
want to take is not covered.
· The drug is covered, but there are extra rules or restrictions on coverage for that drug as explained in Section 4.
· The drug is covered, but it is in a cost -sharing tier that makes your cost sharing more expensive than you think it should be .
· There are things you can do if your drug is not covered in the way that you’d like it to be covered.
· If your drug is not on the Drug List  or if your drug is restricted, go to Section 5.2 to learn what you can do.
· If your drug is in a cost -sharing tier that makes your cost more expensive than you think it should be, go to Section 
5.3 to learn what you can do.