2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)41
it is not functioning and cannot be 
repaired before 5 years. If you join or 
leave our plan the 5-year cycle starts 
over.
Emergency care
Emergency care refers to services that are:
· Furnished by a provider qualified to furnish emergency services, and
· Needed to evaluate or stabilize an emergency medical condition.
A medical emergency is when you, or any other prudent layperson with an average 
knowledge of health and medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that require 
immediate medical attention to prevent loss of life,  (and, if you are a pregnant woman, 
loss of an unborn child),  loss of a limb, or loss of function of a limb. The medical 
symptoms may be an illness, injury, severe pain, or a medical condition that is quickly 
getting worse.
Cost sharing for necessary emergency services furnished out-of-network is the same as 
for such services furnished in-network.
Observation services are hospital outpatient services given to help the doctor decide if 
the patient needs to be admitted as an inpatient or discharged. Observation services 
may be given in the emergency department or another area of the hospital. For 
information about the observation services cost sharing, please see the Outpatient 
hospital observation  section of this Evidence of Coverage .
Emergency care is covered worldwide .
See Ambulance services  benefit in this chart for additional information about 
Worldwide ambulance services.$125  copayment  for Medicare -covered 
emergency room visits
$125  copayment  for worldwide 
emergency room visits and worldwide 
emergency transportation
$50,000 (USD) combined limit per year 
for emergency and urgent care 
services provided outside the U.S. and 
its territories.
Emergency transportation must be 
medically necessary.
If you are admitted to the hospital 
within 24 hours for the same condition, 
you pay $0 for the emergency room 
visit.
If you receive emergency care at an 
out-of-network hospital and need 
inpatient care after your emergency 
condition is stabilized, you must have 
your inpatient care at the out-of-
network hospital authorized by the 
plan and your cost is the highest cost 
sharing you would pay at a network 
hospital.
Fitness
The fitness benefit provides several options . You are eligible for a fitness membership at 
participating fitness locations in the standard fitness network. At these locations you can 
take advantage of exercise equipment, amenities and, where available, group exercise 
classes tailored to meet the needs of older adults. You can also select one Home 
Fitness Kit per benefit year from a variety of kit options, including a wearable fitness 
tracker.
You can also take advantage of personalized Workout Plans; access thousands of on-
demand workout videos available on the program’s website; get one-on-one Healthy 
Aging Coaching by phone, video or chat; track your fitness activity; and enjoy many 
other digital resources through the Well-Being Club.
Non-standard services that call for an added fee are not part of the fitness program and 
will not be reimbursed.
For questions and more details, contact the Cigna Healthcare  fitness vendor at 
1-888-886-1992 (TTY 711).$0 copayment for Membership in 
Health Club/Fitness Classes Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services