2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 8.     Your rights and responsibilities91
You can see the information in your records and know how it has been shared with others
You have the right to look at your medical records held by the plan , and to get a copy of your records. We are allowed to charge 
you a fee for making copies. You also have the right to ask us to make additions or corrections to your medical records. If you ask 
us to do this, we will work with your health care provider to decide whether the changes should be made.
You have the right to know how your health information has been shared with others for any purposes that are not routine.
If you have questions or concerns about the privacy of your personal health information, please call Customer Service.
Section 1.4        We must give you information about the plan, its network of providers, and your covered services
As a member of our plan, you have the right to get several kinds of information from us.
If you want any of the following kinds of information, please call Customer Service.
· Information about our plan.  This includes, for example, information about the plan’s financial condition.
· Information about our network providers and pharmacies.  You have the right to get information about the qualifications 
of the providers and pharmacies in our network and how we pay the providers in our network.
o To learn more about Cigna  Healthcare ’s providers (name, address, professional qualifications, specialty, medical 
school attended, residency completion and board certification status) please see our Provider and Pharmacy Directory  
(www.cignamedicare.com /resources ).
· Information about your coverage and the rules you must follow when using your coverage.  Chapters 3 and 4 provide 
information regarding medical services. Chapters 5 and 6 provide information about Part D prescription drug coverage.
· Information about why something is not covered and what you can do about it.  Chapter 9 provides information on 
asking for a written explanation on why a medical service or Part D drug is not covered or if your coverage is restricted. 
Chapter 9 also provides information on asking us to change a decision, also called an appeal.
o Staff are available to answer utilization management (UM) questions about services or medications that require prior 
approval or authorization. Staff will identify themselves by name, title and as a Cigna Healthcare employee when 
answering or returning calls regarding UM issues. You may leave a message after normal business hours and Cigna  
Healthcare  will return your call. Call 1-800-558-4314 (TDD/TTY) 8 a.m. – 5 p.m., Monday – Friday or FAX 
1-866-730-1896. Language assistance is available.
Section 1.5        We must support your right to make decisions about your care
You have the right to know your treatment options and participate in decisions about your health care
You have the right to get full information from your doctors and other health care providers. Your providers must explain your 
medical condition and your treatment choices in a way that you can understand .
You also have the right to participate fully in decisions about your health care. To help you make decisions with your doctors about 
what treatment is best for you, your rights include the following:
· To know about all of your choices. You have the right to be told about all of the treatment options that are recommended 
for your condition, no matter what they cost or whether they are covered by our plan. It also includes being told about 
programs our plan offers to help members manage their medications and use drugs safely.
· To know about the risks.  You have the right to be told about any risks involved in your care. You must be told in advance if 
any proposed medical care or treatment is part of a research experiment. You always have the choice to refuse any 
experimental treatments.
· The right to say “no. ” You have the right to refuse any recommended treatment. This includes the right to leave a hospital 
or other medical facility, even if your doctor advises you not to leave. You also have the right to stop taking your medication. 
Of course, if you refuse treatment or stop taking medication, you accept full responsibility for what happens to your body as 
a result.
· To receive an explanation if you are denied coverage for care.  You have the right to refuse any recommended 
treatment. This includes the right to leave a hospital or other medical facility, even if your doctor advises you not to leave. 