242025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 3.     Using the plan for your medical services
SECTION 1        Things to know about getting your medical care as a member of our plan
This chapter explains what you need to know about using the plan to get your medical care covered. It gives definitions of terms 
and explains the rules you will need to follow to get the medical treatments, services, equipment, prescription drugs, and other 
medical care that are covered by the plan.
For the details on what medical care is covered by our plan and how much you pay when you get this care, use the benefits chart 
in the next chapter, Chapter 4 ( Medical Benefits Chart, what is covered and what you pay ).
Section 1.1        What are network providers and covered services?
· Providers are doctors and other health care professionals licensed by the state to provide medical services and care. The 
term providers also includes hospitals and other health care facilities.
· Network providers  are the doctors and other health care professionals, medical groups, hospitals, and other health care 
facilities that have an agreement with us to accept our payment and your cost -sharing amount as payment in full. We have 
arranged for these providers to deliver covered services to members in our plan. The providers in our network bill us directly 
for care they give you. When you see a network provider, you pay only your share of the cost for their services.
· Covered services  include all the medical care, health care services, supplies, equipment, and Prescription Drugs that are 
covered by our plan. Your covered services for medical care are listed in the benefits chart in Chapter 4. Your covered 
services for prescription drugs are discussed in Chapter 5. 
Section 1.2        Basic rules for getting your medical care covered by the plan
As a Medicare health plan, our plan must cover all services covered by Original Medicare and must follow Original Medicare’s 
coverage rules.
Our plan will generally cover your medical care as long as:
· The care you receive is included in the plan’s Medical Benefits Chart  (this chart is in Chapter 4 of this document).
· The care you receive is considered medically necessary . Medically necessary means that the services, supplies, 
equipment, or drugs are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of your medical condition and meet accepted 
standards of medical practice.
· You have a network primary care provider (a PCP) who is providing and overseeing your care.  As a member of our 
plan, you must choose a network PCP (for more information about this, see Section 2.1 in this chapter).
· You must receive your care from a network provider  (for more information about this, see Section 2 in this chapter). In 
most cases, care you receive from an out-of-network provider (a provider who is not part of our plan’s network) will not be 
covered . This means that you will have to pay the provider in full for the services furnished.  Here are three exceptions:
o The plan covers emergency care or urgently needed services that you get from an out-of-network provider. For more 
information about this, and to see what emergency or urgently needed services means, see Section 3 in this chapter.
o If you need medical care that Medicare requires our plan to cover but there are no specialists in our network that provide 
this care, you can get this care from an out-of-network provider at the same cost sharing you normally pay in-network. 
Authorization must be obtained from the plan prior to seeking care . In this situation, you will pay the same as you would 
pay if you got the care from a network provider. For information about getting approval to see an out-of-network doctor, 
see Section 2.4 in this chapter.
o The plan covers kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare-certified dialysis facility when you are temporarily 
outside the plan’s service area  or when your provider for this service is temporarily unavailable or inaccessible. The cost 
sharing you pay the plan for dialysis can never exceed the cost sharing in Original Medicare. If you are outside the plan’s 
service area and obtain the dialysis from a provider that is outside the plan’s network, your cost sharing cannot exceed 
the cost sharing you pay in-network. However, if your usual in-network provider for dialysis is temporarily unavailable and 
you choose to obtain services inside the service area from a provider outside the plan’s network the cost sharing for the 
dialysis may be higher.