782025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 6.     What you pay for your Part D prescription drugs
Part D EOB  includes:
· Information  for that month.  This report  gives  the payment  details  about  the prescriptions  you have  filled during  the previous 
month.  It shows  the total drug costs,  what  the plan paid,  and what  you and others  on your behalf  paid.
· Totals for the year since January 1. This is called year-to-date information. It shows you the total drug costs and total 
payments for your drugs since the year  began.
· Drug  price  information.  This information  will display the total drug price,  and information about increases in price from first fill 
for each prescription claim of the same quantity .
· Available  lower  cost alternative  prescriptions.  This will include  information  about  other available drugs with lower cost 
sharing for each prescription claim , if applicable .
Section 3.2        Help us keep our information about your drug payments up to date
To keep track of your drug costs and the payments you make for drugs, we use records we get from pharmacies. Here is how you 
can help us keep your information correct and up to date:
· Show  your  membership  card  when  you get a prescription  filled.  This helps us make sure we know about the prescriptions 
you are filling and what you are paying .
· Make sure we have the information we need. There are times you may pay for the entire cost of a prescription drug. In 
these cases, we will not automatically get the information we need to keep track of your out-of-pocket costs. To help us 
keep track of your out-of-pocket costs, give us copies of these receipts. Here are examples of when you should give us 
copies of your drug receipts:
o When  you purchase  a covered  drug at a network  pharmacy  at a special  price  or using  a discount  card that is not part of 
our plan’s  benefit.
o When  you made  a copayment  for drugs  that are provided  under  a drug manufacturer  patient  assistance  program.
o Any time you have purchased covered drugs at out-of-network pharmacies or other times you have paid the full price for 
a covered drug under special circumstances.
o If you are billed for a covered drug, you can ask our plan to pay our share of the cost. For instructions on how to do this, 
go to Chapter 7, Section 2.
· Send us information about the payments others have made for you. Payments made by certain other individuals and 
organizations also count toward your out-of-pocket costs.  For example, payments made by an AIDS drug assistance 
program (ADAP), the Indian Health Service, and charities count toward your out-of-pocket costs. Keep a record of these 
payments and send them to us so we can track your costs.
· Check the written report we send you. When you receive the Part D EOB , look it over to be sure the information is 
complete and correct. If you think something is missing or you have any questions, please call us at Customer Service. Be 
sure to keep these reports.
SECTION 4        There is no deductible for our plan 
There is no deductible for our plan. You begin in the Initial Coverage Stage when you fill your first prescription of the year. See 
Section 5 for information about your coverage in the Initial Coverage Stage.
SECTION 5        During the Initial Coverage Stage, the plan pays its share of your drug costs and you pay your share
Section 5.1        What you pay for a drug depends on the drug and where you fill your prescription
During the Initial Coverage Stage, the plan pays its share of the cost of your covered prescription drugs, and you pay your share 
(your copayment or coinsurance amount ). Your share of the cost will vary depending on the drug and where you fill your 
prescription.
The plan has 5 cost-sharing tiers