2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 1.     Getting started as a member5
SECTION 1        Introduction
Section 1.1        You are enrolled in Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO) , which is a Medicare HMO
You are covered by Medicare, and you have chosen to get your Medicare health care and your prescription drug coverage through 
our plan, Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO) . We are required to cover all Part A and Part B services. However, cost sharing and 
provider access in this plan differ from Original Medicare.
Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)  is a Medicare Advantage HMO Plan (HMO stands for Health Maintenance Organization) 
approved by Medicare and run by a private company.
Coverage under this Plan qualifies as Qualifying Health Coverage (QHC)  and satisfies the Patient Protection and Affordable 
Care Act’s (ACA) individual shared responsibility requirement. Please visit the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) website at: 
www.irs.gov/Affordable-Care-Act/Individuals-and-Families  for more information.
Section 1.2        What is the Evidence of Coverage  document about?
This Evidence of Coverage  document tells you how to get your medical care and prescription drugs. It explains your rights and 
responsibilities, what is covered, what you pay as a member of the plan, and how to file a complaint if you are not satisfied with a 
decision or treatment.
The words coverage  and covered services  refer to the medical care and services and the prescription drugs available to you as a 
member of Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO) .
It’s important for you to learn what the plan’s rules are and what services are available to you. We encourage you to set aside 
some time to look through this Evidence of Coverage  document.
If you are confused, concerned or just have a question, please contact Customer Service.
Section 1.3        Legal information about the Evidence of Coverage
This Evidence of Coverage  is part of our contract with you about how our plan covers your care. Other parts of this contract 
include your enrollment form, the List of Covered Drugs (Formulary),  and any notices you receive from us about changes to your 
coverage or conditions that affect your coverage. These notices are sometimes called riders  or amendments .
The contract is in effect for the months in which you are enrolled in our plan between January 1, 2025  and December 31, 2025 .
Each calendar year, Medicare allows us to make changes to the plans that we offer. This means we can change the costs and 
benefits of our plan after December 31, 2025 . We can also choose to stop offering the plan in your service area, after December 
31, 2025 .
Medicare (the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) must approve our plan each year. You can continue each year to get 
Medicare coverage as a member of our plan as long as we choose to continue to offer the plan and Medicare renews its approval 
of the plan.
SECTION 2        What makes you eligible to be a plan member?
Section 2.1        Your eligibility requirements
You are eligible for membership in our plan as long as:
· You have both Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B
· — and —  you live in our geographic service area (Section 2.2 below describes our service area). Incarcerated individuals 
are not considered living in the geographic service area even if they are physically located in it .
· — and — you are a United States citizen or are lawfully present in the United States
Section 2.2        Here is the plan service area for our plan
Our plan is available only to individuals who live in our plan service area. To remain a member of our plan, you must continue to 
reside in the plan service area. The service area is described below.
Our service area includes these counties in Virginia : Bristol City, Norton City, Russell, Scott, Washington, Wise