2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)111
Step 4:  If the answer is no, you will need to decide whether you want to take your appeal further by going on to Level 3.
· There are three additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2 (for a total of five levels of appeal). If you want to go to 
a Level 3 appeal, the details on how to do this are in the written notice you get after your Level 2 appeal decision.
· The Level 3 appeal is handled by an Administrative Law Judge or attorney adjudicator. Section 9 in this chapter tells more 
about Levels 3, 4, and 5 of the appeals process.
SECTION 8        How to ask us to keep covering certain medical services if you think your coverage is ending too 
soon
Section 8.1         This section is only about three services:  Home health care, skilled  nursing facility care, and 
Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services
When you are getting  covered  home health services, skilled nursing care, or rehabilitation care (Comprehensive Outpatient 
Rehabilitation Facility) , you have the right to keep getting your  services for that type of care for as long as the care is needed to 
diagnose and treat your illness or injury.
When we decide it is time to stop covering any of the three types of care for you, we are required to tell you in advance. When 
your coverage for that care ends, we will stop paying our share of the cost for your care.
If you think we are ending the coverage of your care too soon, you can appeal our decision . This section tells you how to ask for 
an appeal.
Section 8.2        We will tell you in advance when your coverage will be ending
Legal Term
Notice of Medicare Non-Coverage.  It tells you how you can request a fast-track appeal. Requesting a fast-track 
appeal is a formal, legal way to request a change to our coverage decision about when to stop your care.
1. You receive a notice in writing at least two calendar days before our plan is going to stop covering your care. The notice 
tells you:
· The date when we will stop covering the care for you.
· How to request a fast-track  appeal to request us to keep covering your care for a longer period of time.
2. You, or someone who is acting on your behalf, will be asked to sign the written notice to show that you received 
it. Signing the notice shows only that you have received the information about when your coverage will stop. Signing it 
does not mean you agree  with the plan’s decision to stop care.
Section 8.3        Step-by-step: How to make a Level 1 appeal to have our plan cover your care for a longer time
If you want to ask us to cover your care for a longer period of time, you will need to use the appeals process to make this request. 
Before you start, understand what you need to do and what the deadlines are.
· Follow the process.
· Meet the deadlines
· Ask for help if you need it . If you have questions or need help at any time, please call Customer Service. Or call your State 
Health Insurance Assistance Program, a government organization that provides personalized assistance.
During a Level 1 appeal, the Quality Improvement Organization reviews your appeal. It decides if the end date for your care 
is medically appropriate. 
The Quality Improvement Organization  is a group of doctors and other health care experts paid by the Federal government to 
check on and help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. This includes reviewing plan decisions about when it’s 
time to stop covering certain kinds of medical care. These experts are not part of our plan.  