2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs71
o When adding another version of a drug to the Drug List, we may remove a like drug from the Drug List, move it to 
a different cost-sharing tier, add new restrictions, or both. The version of the drug that we add will be on the same 
or a lower cost-sharing tier and with the same or fewer restrictions. 
o We will make these changes only if we are adding a new generic version of a brand name drug or adding certain 
new biosimilar versions of an original biological product that was already on the Drug List.
o We will tell you at least 30 days before we make the change, or tell you about the change and cover a 30-day fill 
of the version of the drug you are taking. 
· Removing unsafe drugs and other drugs on the Drug List that are withdrawn from the market.
o Sometimes a drug may be deemed unsafe or taken off the market for another reason. If this happens, we may 
immediately remove the drug from the Drug List. If you are taking that drug, we will tell you after we make the 
change. 
· Making other changes to drugs on the Drug List.
o We may make other changes once the year has started that affect drugs you are taking. For example,  we may 
make changes based on FDA boxed warnings or new clinical guidelines recognized by Medicare.  
o We will tell you at least 30 days before we make these changes, or tell you about the change and cover an 
additional 30-day fill of the drug you are taking. 
If we make any of these changes to any of the drugs you are taking, talk with your prescriber about the options that would work 
best for you, including changing to a different drug to treat your condition, or requesting a coverage decision to satisfy any new 
restrictions on the drug you are taking. You or your prescriber can ask us for an exception to continue covering the drug or version 
of the drug you have been taking. For more information on how to ask for a coverage decision, including an exception, see 
Chapter 9.
Changes to drugs on the Drug List  that that do not affect you during the current  plan year
We may make certain changes to the Drug List  that are not described above. In these cases, the change will not apply to you if 
you are taking the drug when the change is made; however, these changes will likely affect you starting January 1 of the next plan 
year if you stay in the same plan.
In general, changes that will not affect you during the current plan year are:
· We move your drug into a higher cost-sharing tier.
· We put a new restriction on your use of the drug.
· We remove your drug from the Drug List.
If any of these changes happen for a drug you are taking (except for market withdrawal, a generic drug replacing a brand name 
drug, or other change noted in the sections above), the change won’t affect your use or what you pay as your share of the cost 
until January 1 of the next year. 
We will not tell you about these types of changes directly during the current plan year. You will need to check the Drug List  for the 
next plan year (when the list is available during the open enrollment period) to see if there are any changes to the drugs you are 
taking that will impact you during the next plan year.
SECTION 7        What types of drugs are not covered by the plan?
Section 7.1        Types of drugs we do not cover
This section tells you what kinds of prescription drugs are excluded. This means Medicare does not pay for these drugs.
If you get drugs that are excluded , you must pay for them yourself  (except for certain excluded drugs covered under our enhanced 
drug coverage) . If you appeal and the requested drug is found not to be excluded under Part D, we will pay for or cover it. (For 
information about appealing a decision, go to Chapter 9.)
Here are three general rules about drugs that Medicare drug plans will not cover under Part D:
· Our plan’s Part D drug coverage cannot cover a drug that would be covered under Medicare Part A or Part B.
· Our plan cannot cover a drug purchased outside the United States or its territories.