2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)115
o If you do not want to accept the decision, you may be able to continue to the next level of the review process. If the 
Council says no to your appeal or denies your request to review the appeal, the notice will tell you whether the rules 
allow you to go on to a Level 5 Appeal. It will also tell you who to contact and what to do next if you choose to continue 
with your appeal.
Level 5 Appeal   A judge at the Federal District Court  will review your appeal.
· A judge will review all of the information and decide yes or no to your request. This is a final answer. There are no more 
appeal levels after the Federal District Court.
MAKING COMPLAINTS
SECTION 10      How to make a complaint about quality of care, waiting times, customer service, or other concerns
Section 10.1       What kinds of problems are handled by the complaint process?
The complaint process is only used for certain types of problems . This includes problems related to quality of care, waiting times, 
and the customer service. Here are examples of the kinds of problems handled by the complaint process.
Complaint Example
Quality of your medical care · Are you unhappy with the quality of the care you have received (including care in 
the hospital)?
Respecting your privacy · Did someone not respect your right to privacy or share confidential information?
Disrespect, poor customer service, 
or other negative behaviors· Has someone been rude or disrespectful to you?
· Are you unhappy with our Customer Service?
· Do you feel you are being encouraged to leave the plan?
Waiting times · Are you having trouble getting an appointment, or waiting too long to get it?
· Have you been kept waiting too long by doctors, pharmacists, or other health 
professionals? Or by our Customer Service or other staff at the plan?
o Examples include waiting too long on the phone, in the waiting or exam room, 
or getting a prescription.
Cleanliness · Are you unhappy with the cleanliness or condition of a clinic, hospital, or doctor’s 
office?
Information you get from us · Did we fail to give you a required notice?
· Is our written information hard to understand?
Timeliness 
(These types of complaints are all 
related to the timeliness  of our actions 
related to coverage decisions and 
appeals)If you have asked for a coverage decision or made an appeal, and you think that we are 
not responding quickly enough, you can make a complaint about our slowness. Here are 
examples:
· You asked us for a fast coverage decision  or a fast appeal , and we have said no ; 
you can make a complaint.
· You believe we are not meeting the deadlines for coverage decisions or appeals ; 
you can make a complaint.
· You believe we are not meeting deadlines for covering or reimbursing you for 
certain medical items or services or drugs that were approved ; you can make a 
complaint.
· You believe we failed to meet required deadlines for forwarding your case to the 
independent review organization ; you can make a complaint.