2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 11. Legal notices123
3. Fully participating in all phases of any legal action we may need to protect our rights, including but not limited to 
participating in discovery, attending depositions, and appearing and testifying at trial.
In addition, you agree not to do anything to affect our rights, including but not limited to assigning any rights or causes of action 
that you may have against any person or entity relating to your injury, illness, or condition without our prior authorized written 
consent. Your failure to cooperate shall be deemed a violation or breach of your obligations, and we may seek any available legal 
action against you to protect our rights.
We are also entitled to be fully reimbursed for any and all benefit payments we make to you or on your behalf that are the 
responsibility of any person, organization, or insurer. Our right of reimbursement is separate and apart from our subrogation right, 
and is limited only by the amount of actual benefits paid under the Plan. You must immediately pay to us any amounts you get by 
judgment, settlement, award, recovery or otherwise from any third party or his or her insurer, to the extent that we paid out or 
provided benefits for your injury, illness, or condition during your enrollment in this Plan.
Our subrogation and reimbursement rights shall have first priority, to be paid before any of your other claims are paid. Our 
subrogation and reimbursement rights will not be affected, reduced, impacted or eliminated by the “made whole ” doctrine or any 
other doctrine that may apply.
We are not required to pursue subrogation or reimbursement either for our benefit or on your behalf. Our rights under this 
Evidence of Coverage  shall not be affected, reduced, or eliminated by our failure to intervene in any legal action you seek relating 
to your injury, illness, or condition.
If you disagree with any decision or action we take in connection with the subrogation and third -party recovery provisions outlined 
above, you must follow the procedures explained in Chapter 9 of this document : What to do if you have a problem or complaint 
(coverage decisions, appeals, complaints).
SECTION 5        Report Fraud, Waste and Abuse
Health care fraud is a violation of federal and/or state law. If you know of or suspect health insurance fraud, please report it by 
calling our Compliance and Ethics Hotline at 1 -800-472-8348. You are not required to identify yourself when you report the 
information. The hotline is anonymous.