2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 5.     Using the plan’s coverage for Part D prescription drugs73
Section 9.2        What if you’re a resident in a long-term care (LTC) facility?
Usually, a long-term care (LTC) facility (such as a nursing home) has its own pharmacy, or a pharmacy that supplies drugs for all 
of its residents. If you are a resident of a n LTC  facility, you may get your prescription drugs through the facility’s pharmacy  or the 
one it uses , as long as it is part of our network.
Check your Provider and  Pharmacy Directory  (www.CignaMedicare.com/resources)  to find out if your LTC facility’s pharmacy or 
the one that it uses is part of our network. If it isn’t, or if you need more information or assistance, please contact Custom er 
Service. If you are in an LTC facility, we must ensure that you are able to routinely receive your Part D benefits through our 
network of LTC pharmacies.
What if you’re a resident in a long-term care (LTC) facility and need a drug that is not on our Drug List  or is restricted in 
some way?
Please refer to Section 5.2 about a temporary or emergency supply.
Section 9.3        What if you’re also getting drug coverage from an employer or retiree group plan?
If you currently have other prescription drug coverage through your (or your spouse  or domestic partner ’s) employer or retiree 
group please contact that group’s benefits administrator . They  can help you determine how your current prescription drug 
coverage will work with our plan.
In general , if you have employee or retiree group coverage , the drug coverage you get from us will be secondary  to your group 
coverage. That means your group coverage would pay first.
Special note about creditable coverag e:
Each year your employer or retiree group should send you a notice that tells if your prescription drug coverage for the next 
calendar year is creditable.
If the coverage from the group plan is creditable,  it means that the plan has drug coverage that is expected to pay, on average, at 
least as much as Medicare’s standard prescription drug coverage.
Keep this notice about creditable coverage  because you may need it later. If you enroll in a Medicare plan that includes Part D 
drug coverage, you may need th is notice to show that you have maintained creditable coverage. If you didn’t get the creditable 
coverage notice, request a copy from your employer or retiree plan’s benefits administrator or the employer or union.
Section 9.4        What if you’re in Medicare-certified hospice?
Hospice and our plan do not cover the same drug at the same time. If you are enrolled in Medicare hospice and require certain 
drugs (e.g., anti-nausea  drugs , laxative s, pain medication s or anti -anxiety drugs) that are not covered by your hospice because it 
is unrelated to your terminal illness and related conditions, our plan must receive notification from either the prescriber or your 
hospice provider that the drug is unrelated before our plan can cover the drug. To prevent delays in receiving these drugs that 
should be covered by our plan, ask your hospice provider or prescriber to provide notification before your prescription is filled.
In the event you either revoke your hospice election or are discharged from hospice, our plan should cover your drugs as 
explained in this document. To prevent any delays at a pharmacy when your Medicare hospice benefit ends, bring documentation 
to the pharmacy to verify your revocation or discharge.
SECTION 10      Programs on drug safety and managing medications
Section 10.1        Programs to help members use drugs safely
We conduct drug use reviews for our members to help make sure that they are getting safe and appropriate care.
We do a review each time you fill a prescription. We also review our records on a regular basis. During these reviews, we look for 
potential problems such as:
· Possible medication errors
· Drugs that may not be necessary because you are taking another similar drug to treat the same condition
· Drugs that may not be safe or appropriate because of your age or gender
· Certain combinations of drugs that could harm you if taken at the same time