2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)43
For more information, call Customer S ervice.
Meals for ESRD  customers
Customers  diagnosed with End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) and enrolled in an ESRD 
care management program can get up to 56 healthy frozen  meals delivered to their 
home.  Customers  are eligible for this benefit once per year. Customers  meeting this 
requirement will receive a call from Cigna  Healthcare 's meal provider to schedule 
delivery.
Home health agency care
Prior to receiving home health services, a doctor must certify that you need home health 
services and will order home health services to be provided by a home health agency. 
You must be homebound, which means leaving home is a major effort.
Covered services include, but are not limited to:
· Part-time or intermittent skilled nursing and home health aide services (t o be 
covered under the home health care benefit, your skilled nursing and home health 
aide services combined must total fewer than 8 hours per day and 35 hours per 
week)
· Physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech therapy
· Medical and social services
· Medical equipment and suppliesPrior authorization may be required.
$0 copayment for Medicare-covered 
home health visits
Home infusion therapy
Home infusion therapy involves the intravenous or subcutaneous administration of drugs 
or biologicals to an individual at home. The components needed to perform home 
infusion include the drug (for example, antivirals, immune globulin), equipment (for 
example, a pump), and supplies (for example, tubing and catheters).
Covered services include, but are not limited to:
· Professional services, including nursing services, furnished in accordance with the 
plan of care
· Patient training and education not otherwise covered under the durable medical 
equipment benefit
· Remote monitoring
· Monitoring services for the provision of home infusion therapy and home infusion 
drugs furnished by a qualified home infusion therapy supplierYou pay the applicable cost sharing for 
each service obtained. Please refer to 
the Durable medical equipment and 
related supplies and Medicare Part B 
Prescription Drugs  benefit listings for 
related cost share amounts .
Hospice care
You are eligible for the hospice benefit when your doctor and the hospice medical 
director have given you a terminal prognosis certifying that you’re terminally ill and have 
6 months or less to live if your illness runs its normal course. You may receive care from 
any Medicare-certified hospice program. Your plan is obligated to help you find 
Medicare-certified hospice programs in the plan’s service area, including those the MA 
organization owns, controls, or has a financial interest in. Your hospice doctor can be a 
network provider or an out-of-network provider .
Covered services include:
· Drugs for symptom control and pain reliefWhen you enroll in a Medicare-
certified hospice program, your 
hospice services and your Part A 
and Part B services related to your 
terminal prognosis are paid for by 
Original Medicare, not our plan.
You must get care from a 
Medicare -certified hospice. You must 
consult with your plan before you 
select hospice.
Hospice Consultation Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services