2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 3.     Using the plan for your medical services25
SECTION 2        Use providers in the plan’s network to get your medical care
Section 2.1        You must choose a Primary Care Provider (PCP) to provide and oversee your medical care
What is a PCP and what does the PCP do for you?
When you become a member of our plan, you must choose a plan provider to be your Primary Care Physician (PCP). Your PCP is a 
Physician whose specialty is Family Medicine, Internal Medicine, General Practice, Geriatrics, or Pediatrics who meets state 
requirements and is trained to give you basic medical care. As we explain below, you will get your routine or basic care from your 
PCP. Your PCP will also “coordinate ” the rest of the covered services you get as a member of our plan. Your PCP will provide most 
of your care and will help you arrange or coordinate the rest of the covered services you get as a me mber of our plan. This includes 
your X-rays, laboratory tests, therapies, care from doctors who are specialists, hospital admissions, and follow-up care. 
“Coordinating ” your services includes checking or consulting with other plan providers about your care and how it is going.  In some 
cases,  your PCP will need to get prior authorization (prior  approval) from us. Since your PCP will provide and coordinate your 
medical care, you should have all of your past medical records sent to your PCP’s office. Chapter 8 tells you how we will protect the 
privacy of your medical records and personal health information.
How do you choose your PCP?
You select a  Primary Care Physician from your Provider and Pharmacy Directory  (www.CignaMedicare.com/resources ) and call 
Customer Service with your selection. The directory is continually being updated; therefore, please contact Customer Service to be 
sure the provider is accepting new patients. Customer Service is available to assist with your selection and to help find a physician 
to meet your needs. Customer Service can also help you check to see if a provider is in our network of physicians. If there is a 
particular specialist or hospital that you want to use, check first to be sure the specialist or hospital is in your plan’s network. The 
name and office telephone number of your PCP is printed on your membership card.
Changing your PCP
You may change your PCP for  any reason, at any time. Also, it’s possible that your PCP might leave our plan’s network of providers 
and you would have to find a new PCP.  Please see Section 2.3 in this chapter for additional details.
Your change will take place the first of the following month. To change your PCP, please call Customer Service. Customer Service 
will confirm  that the PCP you want to switch  to is accepting  new patients.  We will change  your membership  record  to the new PCP 
and confirm  when  the change  to your new PCP will take effect.  You will receive  a new membership  card that shows  the name  and 
phone number of your new PCP.
Section 2.2        What kinds of medical care can you get without a referral from your PCP?
You can get the services listed below without getting approval in advance from your PCP.
· Routine women’s health care, which includes breast exams, screening mammograms (X-rays of the breast), Pap tests, and 
pelvic exams as long as you get them from a network provider.
· Flu shots  (or vaccines) , COVID-19 vaccinations, Hepatitis B vaccinations, and pneumonia vaccinations as long as you get 
them from a network provider.
· Emergency services from network providers or from out-of-network providers.
· Urgently needed plan-covered services, which are services requiring immediate medical attention that are not emergencies, 
provided you are temporarily outside the service area of the plan, or it is unreasonable given your time, place, and 
circumstances to obtain this service from network providers with whom the plan contracts. Examples of urgently needed 
services are unforeseen medical illnesses and injuries or unexpected flare-ups of existing conditions. However, medically 
necessary routine provider visits, such as annual checkups, are not considered urgently needed even if you are outside the 
service area of the plan or the plan network is temporarily unavailable.
· Kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare-certified dialysis facility when you are temporarily outside the plan’s 
service area. If possible, please call Customer Service before you leave the service area so we can help arrange for you to 
have maintenance dialysis while you are away.