2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 9.     What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)109
Section 7.2        Step-by-step: How to make a Level 1 appeal to change your hospital discharge date
If you want to ask for your inpatient hospital services to be covered by us for a longer time, you will need to use the appeals 
process to make this request. Before you start, understand what you need to do and what the deadlines are.
· Follow the process.
· Meet the deadlines.
· Ask for help if you need it . If you have questions or need help at any time, please call Customer Service. Or call your State 
Health Insurance Assistance Program, a government organization that provides personalized assistance.
During a Level 1 appeal, the Quality Improvement Organization reviews your appeal. It checks to see if your planned 
discharge date is medically appropriate for you.
The Quality Improvement Organization  is a group of doctors and other health care professionals paid by the Federal 
government to check on and help improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. This includes reviewing hospital discharge 
dates for people with Medicare. These experts are not part of our plan.
Step 1:  Contact the Quality Improvement Organization for your state and ask for an immediate review of your hospital 
discharge. You must act quickly.
How can you contact this organization?
· The written notice you received ( An Important Message from Medicare About Your Rights ) tells you how to reach this 
organization. Or find the name, address, and phone number of the Quality Improvement Organization for your state in 
Chapter 2.
Act quickly:
· To make your appeal, you must contact the Quality Improvement Organization before you leave the hospital and no later 
than midnight the day of your discharge .
o If you meet this deadline,  you may stay in the hospital after your discharge date without paying for it while you wait to 
get the decision from the Quality Improvement Organization.
o If you do not meet this deadline,  and you decide to stay in the hospital after your planned discharge date, you may 
have to pay all of the costs for hospital care you receive after your planned discharge date.
Once you request an immediate review of your hospital discharge the Quality Improvement Organization will contact us. By noon 
of the day after we are contacted , we will give you a Detailed Notice of Discharge . This notice gives your planned discharge date 
and explains in detail the reasons why your doctor, the hospital, and we think it is right (medically appropriate) for you to be 
discharged on that date .
You can get a sample of the Detailed Notice of Discharge  by calling Custom er Service or 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227), 
24 hours a day, 7 days a week. (TTY users should call 1-877-486-2048.) Or you can see a sample notice online at www.cms.gov/
Medicare/Medicare-General-Information/BNI/HospitalDischargeAppealNotices .
Step 2:  The Quality Improvement Organization conducts an independent review of your case.
· Health professionals at the Quality Improvement Organization (the reviewers ) will ask you (or your representative) why you 
believe coverage for the services should continue. You don’t have to prepare anything in writing, but you may do so if you 
wish.
· The reviewers will also look at your medical information, talk with your doctor, and review information that the hospital and 
we have given to them.