502025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
If multiple test types (such as CT and 
PET) are performed in the same day, 
multiple copayments will apply. If 
multiple tests of the same type (for 
example, CT scan of the head and CT 
scan of the chest) are performed in the 
same day one copayment will apply.
$60 copayment  for Medicare-covered 
therapeutic radiology services
$0 copayment  for X-rays in a PCP or 
Specialist office.  $50 copayment  for X-
rays in all other locations.  
Outpatient hospital observation
Observation services are hospital outpatient services given to determine if you need to 
be admitted as an inpatient or can be discharged.
For outpatient hospital observation services to be covered, they must meet the Medicare 
criteria and be considered reasonable and necessary. Observation services are covered 
only when provided by the order of a physician or another individual authorized by state 
licensure law and hospital staff bylaws to admit patients to the hospital or order 
outpatient tests.
Note:  Unless the provider has written an order to admit you as an inpatient to the 
hospital, you are an outpatient and pay the cost sharing amounts for outpatient hospital 
services. Even if you stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an 
outpatient. If you are not sure if you are an outpatient, you should ask the hospital staff.
You can also find more information in a Medicare fact sheet called Are You a Hospital 
Inpatient or Outpatient? If You Have Medicare – Ask!  This fact sheet is available on the 
Web at  https://es.medicare.gov/publications/11435-Medicare-Hospital-Benefits.pdf  or by 
calling 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227). TTY users call 1-877-486-2048. You can 
call these numbers for free, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.Prior authorization may be required.
$350 per stay  copayment  for 
Medicare-covered  outpatient hospital 
observation
Outpatient hospital services
We cover medically-necessary services you get in the outpatient department of a 
hospital for diagnosis or treatment of an illness or injury.
Covered services include, but are not limited to:
· Services in an emergency department or outpatient clinic, such as observation 
services or outpatient surgery
· Laboratory and diagnostic tests billed by the hospital
· Mental health care, including care in a partial-hospitalization program, if a doctor 
certifies that inpatient treatment would be required without it
· X-rays and other radiology services billed by the hospital
· Medical supplies such as splints and casts
· Certain drugs and biologicals that you can’t give yourself
Note:  Unless the provider has written an order to admit you as an inpatient to the 
hospital, you are an outpatient and pay the cost sharing amounts for outpatient hospital Prior authorization may be required.
You pay the applicable cost sharing for 
these services. Please refer to the 
applicable benefit in this section of this 
Evidence of Coverage .
Self-administered drugs (medication 
you would normally take on your own) 
are not covered in an outpatient 
hospital setting. These drugs may be 
covered under your Part D benefit. 
Please contact Customer Service for 
more information. Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services