442025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 4.     Medical Benefits Chart (what is covered and what you pay)
· Short-term respite care
· Home care
When you are admitted to a hospice you have the right to remain in your plan; if you 
chose to remain in your plan you must continue to pay plan premiums.
For hospice services and for services that are covered by Medicare Part A or B 
and are related to your terminal prognosis : Original Medicare (rather than our plan) 
will pay your hospice provider for your hospice services and any Part A and Part B 
services related to your terminal prognosis. While you are in the hospice program, your 
hospice provider will bill Original Medicare for the services that Original Medicare pays 
for. You will be billed Original Medicare cost sharing .
For services that are covered by Medicare Part A or B and are not related to your 
terminal prognosis : If you need non-emergency, non-urgently needed services that are 
covered under Medicare Part A or B and that are not related to your terminal prognosis, 
your cost for these services depends on whether you use a provider in our plan’s 
network  and follow plan rules (such as if there is a requirement to obtain prior 
authorization).
· If you obtain the covered services from a network provider  and follow plan rules for 
obtaining service , you only pay the plan cost sharing amount for in-network 
services
· If you obtain the covered services from an out-of-network provider, you pay the 
cost sharing under Fee-for-Service Medicare (Original Medicare)
For services that are covered by our plan but are not covered by Medicare Part A 
or B: Our plan w ill continue to cover plan-covered services that are not covered under 
Part A or B whether or not they are related to your terminal prognosis. You pay your plan 
cost sharing amount for these services.
For drugs that may be covered by the plan’s Part D benefit : If these drugs are 
unrelated to your terminal hospice condition you pay cost sharing. If they are related to 
your terminal hospice condition then you pay Original Medicare cost sharing . Drugs are 
never covered by both hospice and our plan at the same time. For more information, 
please see Chapter 5, Section 9.4  (What if you’re in Medicare-certified hospice) .
Note:  If you need non-hospice care (care that is not related to your terminal prognosis), 
you should contact us to arrange the services.
Our plan covers hospice consultation services (one time only) for a terminally ill person 
who hasn’t elected the hospice benefit.You pay the applicable cost sharing for 
the provider of the service (for 
example, physician services). Please 
refer to the applicable benefit in this 
section of this Evidence of Coverage .
  Immunizations
Covered Medicare Part B services include:
· Pneumonia vaccine s
· Flu/influenza  shots  (or vaccines) , once each flu /influenza  season in the fall and 
winter, with additional flu shots if medically necessary
· Hepatitis B vaccine s if you are at high or intermediate risk of getting Hepatitis B
· COVID-19 vaccine s
· Other vaccines if you are at risk and they meet Medicare Part B coverage rulesThere is no coinsurance, copayment, 
or deductible for the pneumonia, 
influenza, Hepatitis B and COVID-19 
vaccines . Services that are covered for yo uWhat you must pay
when you get these services