2025 Evidence of Coverage for Cigna Preferred Medicare (HMO)
Chapter 12. Definitions of important words129
In most cases, your prescriptions are covered only if they are filled at one of our network pharmacies.
Network Provider – Provider  is the general term for doctors, other health care professionals, hospitals, and other health care 
facilities that are licensed or certified by Medicare and by the State to provide health care services. Network provider s have an 
agreement with our plan to accept our payment as payment in full, and in some cases to coordinate as well as provide covered 
services to members of our plan. Network providers are also called  plan providers.
Organization Determination – A decision our plan makes  about whether items or services are covered or how much you have to 
pay for covered items or services. Organization determinations are called coverage decisions in this document.
Original Biological Product – A biological product that has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and 
serves as the comparison for manufacturers making a biosimilar version. It is also called a reference product.
Original Medicare (Traditional Medicare or Fee -for-Service Medicare)  – Original Medicare is offered by the government, and 
not a private health plan like Medicare Advantage Plans and prescription drug plans. Under Original Medicare, Medicare services 
are covered by paying doctors, hospitals, and other health care providers payment amounts established by Congress. You can 
see any doctor, hospital, or other health care provider that accepts Medicare. You must pay the deductible. Medicare pays its 
share of the Medicare -approved amount, and you pay your share. Original Medicare has two parts: Part A (Hospital Insurance) 
and Part B (Medical Insurance) and is available everywhere in the United States.
Out-of-Network Pharmacy  – A pharmacy that does not have a contract with our plan to coordinate or provide covered drugs to 
members of our plan. Most drugs you get from out -of-network pharmacies are not covered by our plan unless certain conditions 
apply.
Out-of-Network Provider or Out -of-Network Facility – A provider or facility that does not have a contract with our plan to 
coordinate or provide covered services to members of our plan. Out -of-network providers are providers that are not employed, 
owned, or operated by our plan.
Out-of-Pocket Costs  – See the definition for cost sharin g above. A member’s cost -sharing requirement to pay for a portion of 
services or drugs received is also referred to as the member’s out -of-pocket cost requirement.
Out-of-Pocket Threshold – The maximum amount you pay out of pocket for Part D drugs.
PACE plan  – A PACE (Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly) plan combines medical, social, and long-term services and 
support s (LTSS)  for frail people to help people stay independent and living in their community (instead of mo ving to a nursing 
home) as long as possible. People enrolled in PACE plans receive both their Medicare and Medicaid benefits through the plan .
Part C – see Medicare Advantage (MA) Plan.
Part D – The voluntary Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit Program .
Part D Drugs – Drugs that can be covered under Part D. We may or may not offer all Part D drugs . Certain categories of drugs 
have been excluded as covered Part D drugs by Congress. Certain categories of Part D drugs must be covered by every plan.
Part D Late Enrollment Penalty – An amount added to your monthly premium for Medicare drug coverage if you go without 
creditable coverage (coverage that is expected to pay, on average, at least as much as standard Medicare prescription drug 
coverage) for a continuous period of 63 days or more after you are first eligible to join a Part D plan.
Preferred Cost Sharing – Preferred cost sharing means lower cost sharing for certain covered Part D drugs at certain network 
pharmacies.
Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) Plan – A Preferred Provider Organization plan is a Medicare Advantage Plan that has a 
network of contracted providers that have agreed to treat plan members for a specified payment amount. A PPO plan must cover 
all plan benefits whether they are received from network or out-of-network providers. Member cost sharing will generally be higher 
when plan benefits are received from out-of-network providers. PPO plans have an annual limit on your out-of-pocket costs for   
services received from network (preferred) providers and a higher limit on your total combined out-of-pocket costs for services 
from both network (preferred) and out-of-network (non-preferred)  providers.
Premium – The periodic payment to Medicare, an insurance company, or a health care plan for health or prescription drug 
coverage.
Primary Care Physician (PCP) – The doctor or other provider you see first for most health problems. In many Medicare health 
plans, you must see your primary care physician before you see any other health care provider. 
Prior Authorization – Approval in advance to get services or certain drugs. Covered services that need prior authorization are 