 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 48 OF 116 9. Telemedicine 
You may receive services from a Provider who is in a different location through the use 
of information and audio-visual communication technology.  Telemedicine does not 
include communication through telephone, facsimile or email. 
Hometown Health will not prevent the use o f Telemedicine in a course of treatment or 
evaluation.  Hometown Health will not prevent the use of Telemedicine based on where 
the Provider is located. 
A Provider who uses Telemedicine to provide services is responsible for ensuring he or 
she complies with all federal and state laws, including licensure, at the location in which 
the patient is located.  Hometown Health will not pay claims for services provided by 
Providers who are not licensed in the state where the patient is located. 
Your Cost Sharing for services received through the use of Telemedicine are the same as 
if the service were received in person.  However, Hometown Health does not control the 
methods of treatment and business arrangements between third parties.  Therefore, you 
may have to pay both the originating site and the Provider located at the distant site.   
Additionally, it is your responsibility to ensure the Providers you use are In-Network 
Providers.  Failure to use In-Network Providers will result in a higher cost to you. 
10. Other Ite ms 
Hometown Health will not deny a claim, refuse to issue or cancel a policy of health 
insurance solely because the claim involves an act that constitutes domestic violence 
pursuant to NRS 33.018, or because the person applying for or covered by the health 
insurance policy was the victim of such an act of domestic violence, regardless of 
whether the insured or applicant contributed to any loss or injury. 
Hometown Health will not deny a claim, refuse to issue or cancel a policy of health 
insurance solely because the claim involves an injury sustained by an insured as a 
consequence of being intoxicated or under the influence of a controlled substance or 
because an insured has made a claim involving an injury sustained by the insured as a 
consequence of being intoxicated or under the influence of a controlled substance, except 
in the case of a felony. 
 
F. CONTINUED COVERAGE FOLLOWING TERMINATION OF A PROVIDER 
CONTRACT  
 
If a Member is receiving treatment for a medical condition and the treatment is provided by a 
Provider whose contract with Hometown Health is terminated (except for termination due to 
medical incompetence or professional misconduct) during the course of medical treatment, the 
Member may continue to obtain that medical treatment from the Provider if: 
 The treatment is a medically necessary Covered Service; 
 The Provider and Member agree that the continuity of care is desirable; 
 The Provider agrees to all prior terms of the contract between Hometown Health and the 
Provider; and 