 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 102 OF 116 XVI. MEMBER CLAIMS AND APPEAL PROCEDURES  
 
Concerns about medical services are best handled at the medical service site level before being 
brought to our attention.  If you contact us regarding an issue related to the medical service site 
and have not attempted to work with the site staff, you may be directed to that site to try to solve 
the problem there. 
The procedures outlined in this chapter will be followed if a medical service site matter cannot 
be resolved at the site or if the concern involves a claim for benefits. 
A. Definitions 
Some of the words used in this section have a special meaning to meet the needs of this section.  
These words and their meanings when used in this section are: 
1st Level Formal Appeal  – An appeal filed in writing that our customer services department 
investigates.  If a 1st Level Formal Appeal is not resolved to your satisfaction, you may then 
file a 2nd level formal appeal. 
2nd Level Formal Appeal  – An appeal submitted in writing on a request for formal hearing 
before and reviewed by the Grievance Committee.  The 2nd level formal appeal is voluntary 
on your part as you may go directly to an external review process.   
Adverse Benefit Determination – Any of the following:  
 Our rescission of your coverage; 
 Our denial, reduction, or termination of, or failure to provide or make payment (in 
whole or in part) for, a benefit including a denial, reduction, or termination or failure 
to provide or make payment that is based on a determination of your or your 
beneficiary’s eligibility for coverage under this Policy;  
 Our denial, reduction, or termination of, or failure to provide or make payment (in 
whole or in part) for, a benefit resulting from the application of our utilization 
management program; or 
 Our failure to cover an item or service for which benefits are otherwise provided 
because we determine that such item or service is experimental or investigational or is 
not Medically Necessary. 
Appeal  – The formal process you can use to request review of an adverse benefit determination. 
Authorized Representative  – A person that you designate to act on his or her behalf in pursuing a 
claim for benefits or an appeal of an adverse benefit determination. 
For the purpose of submitting a request for an external review for a final adverse 
determination, an authorized representative means a person who has obtained the consent of 
an insured to represent him in an external review of a final adverse determination conducted 
under applicable law. 
You must designate your authorized representative in writing unless the claim or appeal 
involves an Urgent Care claim and a health care Professional with knowledge of your 
medical condition is seeking to act on your behalf.  You must send your designation to our 
customer service department. 