 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 84 OF 116 1. You materially misstate information about yourself or your dependents on your 
enrollment application or any other document provided during the coverage application 
process. 
2. You knowingly allow someone else to use your identity for the purpose of seeking 
medical care under this Policy. 
3. You knowingly engage in an activity to defraud us or any organization that we have 
engaged to provide services under our policies. 
4. Your employer erroneously or purposefully allows you or your dependents to enroll 
without meeting the eligibility requirements as defined in the Group Subscription 
Agreement. 
In some cases your coverage may be rescinded back to your initial enrollment date.  If we 
rescind your coverage, we will provide at least 30 days prior written notice in accordance with 
applicable law.  You will be responsible for the claims submitted for care provided to you after 
the effective date of termination or rescission. 
If your coverage is terminated because of your fraudulent actions, you will not be eligible for 
reenrollment. 
We have the sole discretion to determine the materiality and intent of your actions and to apply 
any and all legal remedies. 
C. Dependent Coverage Termination 
Your employer may choose to cover spouses, domestic partners and children.  This section only 
applies to those categories of dependents your employer chooses to cover. 
To remove a dependent from coverage, you must notify your employer in advance.  Coverage 
will end pursuant to the provisions in the Group Subscription Agreement. 
Coverage for a dependent child ends on the last day of the month in which the dependent child 
reaches age 26.  If that dependent wants to become a Subscriber under his or her own individual 
and family plan, he or she must meet all of the eligibility requirements of a Subscriber as listed 
in the plan. 
Otherwise, coverage for a dependent ends on the last day of the month during which the 
following events occur: 
1. A final divorce decree, legal separation or termination of domestic partnership for a 
spouse or domestic partner and any children (who are not also children of the Subscriber) 
of the spouse or domestic partner; 
2. Legal custody of a child is terminated; or 
3. The dependent loses status as a dependent for any other reason. 
Hometown Health reserves the right to recoup any benefit payments made beyond the 
termination date. 
 
 