 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 76 OF 116 B. WHEN CAN YOU ENROLL OR CHANGE COVERAGE ? 
 
There are very specific rules regarding when a person can enroll in or change coverage and when 
the changes take effect.  These rules help protect us from adverse selection and help us keep your 
premiums as low as possible.  The following enrollment periods describe when you and your 
dependents can enroll or change coverage and when your coverage will become effective.  There 
is no coverage for services received or rendered to the Member prior to the effective date of the 
Member’s coverage . 
1. Open Enrollment Period 
Open Enrollment is just that – open.  If you are eligible for coverage under the Benefit 
Plan, you may enroll in the Benefit Plan during the Open Enrollment Period, provided 
you have satisfied any probationary or waiting period requirements described in your 
employer’s eligibility provisions.  Your eligible spouse or domestic partner and 
dependents may also enroll in this Benefit Plan during the Open Enrollment Period if 
your employer extends eligibility to spouses, domestic partners or dependents.  Coverage 
will be effective on the Group’s initial effective date or on the Group’s Policy renewal 
date. 3 
2. Qualifying Life Events 
There are certain events in your life, such as a birth or marriage, which allow you to 
enroll in coverage4.  These Qualifying Life Events create a Special Enrollment period 
(outside of the annual Open Enrollment Period) during which time you can enroll in this 
Benefit Plan or enroll in another plan offered by your employer (if you are eligible to 
enroll in that plan).   
In the case of birth, adoption or placement for adoption, you have 31 days to request 
special enrollment for this Benefit Plan;5 for all other Qualifying Life Events, you have 
30 days to request special enrollment for this Benefit Plan. 6  If you do not complete the 
enrollment application in that time period and provide any other necessary documentation 
upon request, you and your dependents will not be allowed to enroll until your 
employer’s next Open Enrollment Period, unless another Qualifying Life Event occurs.   
If you change plans due to a Qualifying Life Event, the amounts that you have paid 
toward your Deductible and Out-of-Pocket Maximum in your old plan will not count 
toward your new plan. 
You have the right to enroll (or enroll your dependent) in this Benefit Plan if you (or your 
dependent) have one of the following Qualifying Life Events: 
a. Loss of other health plan coverage – You or your dependent were covered under 
another insurance plan or program and you or your dependent lost coverage due 
to legal separation, divorce, dissolution of domestic partnership, cessation of 
                                                 
3 45 CFR § 147.104(b)(1)(i)  
4 45 CFR § 146.117(d)  
5 NRS 689B.033  
6 45 CFR § 147.104(b)(4)( i) 