 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 51 OF 116 Original and refill prescriptions are limited to a 90-day supply at a Participating Retail 
Pharmacy unless otherwise limited by Hometown Health or the drug manufacturer.  A 
30-day filled prescription is required prior to a 90-day filled prescription.  Most 
medications to treat chronic conditions are prescribed in 30 or 90-day supplies.  You may 
request to receive your prescriptions in smaller supplies. 
2. Less than a 30-Day Supply 
If your prescriber or pharmacist determines that filling or refilling a prescription for less 
than a 30-day supply of a chronic medication is in your best interest and you request less 
than a 30-day supply, such prescription will be covered at the standard Cost Sharing for a 
30-day supply of that drug.  This requirement does not apply to unit-of-use packaging for 
which synchronization is not practicable or to a controlled substance. 
3. Mail Order 
Some covered Prescription Drug products are available through a Participating Mail 
Order Pharmacy. Mail order prescriptions are limited to a 90-day supply unless otherwise 
limited by Hometown Health, the drug manufacturer or the FDA. A 30-day filled 
prescription is required prior to a 90-day filled prescription.  You may be required to fill 
the prescription at a Participating Retail Pharmacy before utilizing the mail order service. 
4. Specialty Pharmaceuticals 
Many Specialty Pharmaceuticals are biotech medications, using DNA recombinant 
technology (genetic replication) as opposed to chemical processes. Specialty 
Pharmaceuticals may be delivered in any setting and may include Injectable Drugs or 
medications given by other routes of administration, or oral medications. 
Most Specialty Pharmaceuticals must be obtained through a specific specialty pharmacy 
designated by Hometown Health and are limited to a 30-day supply per script. A list of 
drugs classified as Specialty Pharmaceuticals is subject to change at the sole discretion of 
Hometown Health. 
5. Preventive Medications 
There will be no cost to the Member for preventive medications prescribed by a 
Physician and purchased at a Participating Retail Pharmacy or Participating Mail Order 
Pharmacy.  To be eligible for no Member Cost Sharing, the medication must be 
prescribed in accordance with Recommendations A or B issued by the U.S. Preventive 
Services Task Force.  Preventive medications include: 
a. Aspirin to prevent cardiovascular diseases (CVD): 45 years and older; quantity 
limit 1/day; generic only; OTC (requires a prescription); 
b. Sodium fluoride products (not in combination): 5 years old and younger, whose 
primary water source is deficient in fluoride; tablet 0.5mg, chewable tablet 
0.25mg-05mg, solution; 
c. Folic Acid for all women planning or capable of pregnancy: Age limit 55 years 
old or younger; (not in combination); 0.4mg and 0.8mg; quantity limit 1/day; 
OTC (requires a prescription); 