 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 107 OF 116 6. 2nd Level Formal Appeal 
When a 1st level formal appeal is not resolved in a manner to your satisfaction, you may 
initiate a 2nd level formal appeal to the Grievance Committee.  This level of appeal is 
optional or you may proceed directly to external review.  You or your authorized 
representative must submit this appeal in writing on a request for formal hearing form, 
which will be attached to 1st level formal appeal decision letter, within 60 days after you 
have been informed of the resolution of the 1st level formal appeal. 
Exhaustion of the 1st level formal appeal procedure is a precondition to filing a 2nd level 
formal appeal.  If you do not file your 2nd level formal appeal in a timely manner, we 
will deem it waived with respect to the adverse benefit determination to which it relates. 
The 2nd level formal appeal is voluntary for Urgent Care claim appeals. 
You are entitled to receive the same reasonable access to, and copies of documents, 
referenced above under the 1st level formal appeal. 
The Grievance Committee will determine if a formal presentation is appropriate and, if 
so, will make every reasonable effort to schedule one at a time mutually convenient to the 
parties.  Repeated refusal on your part to cooperate in the scheduling of the formal 
presentation shall relieve the Grievance Committee of the responsibility of hearing a 
formal presentation, but not of reviewing the 2nd level formal appeal.  If the Grievance 
Committee determines that a formal presentation is appropriate, we will permit you to 
have assistance in presenting the matter to the Committee, including representation by 
counsel.  However, you must notify us at least one week before the date of the scheduled 
formal presentation of your intent to be represented by counsel or to have others present 
during the formal presentation. 
Upon receipt of the request for formal hearing form, the request will be forwarded to the 
Grievance Committee along with all available documentation relating to your appeal. 
The Grievance Committee will consider the 2nd level of appeal, schedule a formal 
presentation if applicable, obtain additional information from you or others, as it deems 
appropriate.  The Grievance Committee will not include any individuals who made the 
initial adverse benefit determination or decided the 1st level formal appeal nor will it 
include the subordinate of such individuals.  The Grievance Committee will not afford 
deference to the initial adverse benefit determination or 1st level formal appeal decision. 
When the Grievance Committee’s review is complete, we will inform you in writing of 
the resolution no later than: 
a. 15 days, in the case of an appeal of a pre-service claim; or 
b. 20 days, in the case of an appeal of a post-service claim. 
7. Conflicts of Interest 
We will ensure that we adjudicate all claims and appeals in a manner designed to ensure 
the independence and impartiality of the persons involved in making the decision.  
Decisions regarding hiring, compensation, termination, promotion, or other similar 
matters with respect to any individual will not be based upon the likelihood that the 
individual will support a denial of benefits. 