 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 64 OF 116 27. Prescription medications that are available without charge under local, state or federal 
programs, including worker’s compensation or occupational disease laws, or medication 
for which a charge is not made are excluded. 
28. Prescription refills dispensed more than one year from the date the latest prescription 
order was written or as otherwise permitted by applicable law of the jurisdiction in which 
the drug was dispensed are excluded. 
29. Prophylactic drugs and immunizations for travel are excluded. 
30. Quantities in excess of a 30-day supply are excluded.  Prescriptions requiring quantities 
in excess of the above amount shall be completed on a refill basis except as otherwise 
provided in the Drug Formulary. 
31. Replacement of lost, stolen, spoiled, expired, spilled or otherwise mishandled medication 
is excluded. 
32. Prescription orders filled before the effective date or after the termination date of the 
coverage provided by this Benefit Plan are excluded. 
33. Test agents and devices, excluding diabetic test agents are excluded. 
Additional Pharmacy Limitations  – 
1. A Participating Retail Pharmacy may refuse to fill a prescription order or refill when in 
the professional judgment of the pharmacist the prescription should not be filled. 
2. Non-Emergency and non-Urgent Care prescriptions will be covered only when filled at a 
Participating Retail Pharmacy. 
3. Members are required to present their ID cards at the time the prescription is filled.  A 
member who fails to verify coverage by presenting the ID card will not be entitled to 
direct reimbursement from Hometown Health, and the member will be responsible for the 
entire cost of the prescription. 
4. If a Member does not use this Policy (does not use their insurance card) to purchase a 
prescription drug and then requests reimbursement for the purchase of the prescription 
drug in a non-Emergency, non-Urgent Care situation,  Hometown Health will only 
reimburse the Member the amount that Hometown Health would have paid if the 
prescription drug were purchased using the Policy.  Because Hometown Health has 
access to contract discounts, the amount that Hometown Health pays could be 
considerably less than the amount the Member can get without using this Policy, resulting 
in a much higher cost to the Member compared to if the Member used this Policy to 
purchase the drug. 
5. Hometown Health retains the right to review all requests for reimbursement and, at its 
sole discretion make reimbursement determinations subject to the grievance procedure 
section of the certificate. 
6. Hometown Health is not responsible for the cost of any prescription drug for which the 
actual charge to the member is less than the required Copayment or payment that applies 
to the prescription drug Deductible amount or for any drug for which no charge is made 
to the recipient. 