 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 113 OF 116 XVII.  GENERAL PROVISIONS  
 
A. Assignment 
You may not assign this EOC or any of the rights, interests, claims for money due, benefits, or 
obligations hereunder without our prior written consent. 
B. Authorization to Examine Medical Records 
By accepting benefits under this Policy, you consent to and authorize all health care Providers 
including, but not limited to, Physicians, Hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, and other Providers 
to permit the examination and copying of any portion of the your Hospital and medical records in 
accordance with applicable law, when requested by us. 
C. Balance Billing 
If the billed charges exceed the contracted amount agreed to by a Participating Provider for 
Covered Services that you receive, such Provider is prohibited from billing you for the 
difference.  Because this Provider is a Participating Provider, you are not responsible for the 
difference between the billed charges and the contracted charges. 
D. Charge for Service or Purchase 
We will deem the charge for service or purchase to have been incurred on the date the service is 
performed or the date the purchase occurs. 
E. Clerical Error 
Clerical errors or delays in keeping or reporting data relative to coverage will neither invalidate 
coverage that would otherwise be validly in force nor continue coverage that would otherwise be 
validly terminated.  Upon discovery of such errors or delays, an equitable adjustment of 
Premiums will be made.  In no event will credits be made retroactive more than two Premium 
due dates prior to the date that we are notified in writing in a form satisfactory to us of a 
requested addition/deletion to, or change in, your coverage status. 
F. Entire EOC 
This EOC, the Group Subscription Agreement, the Schedule of Benefits, riders, questionnaires, 
and applicable attachments if any, constitute the entire contract between the parties.  As of the 
effective date of coverage, it supersedes all other agreements between the parties.  Any 
statements made to us by the Member shall, in the absence of fraud, be deemed representations 
and not warranties.  No such statement, unless it is contained in a written application for 
coverage, may be used in defense to a claim under this Policy.  
G. Form or Content of EOC  
No agent or employee of us is authorized to change the form or content of this EOC.  Such 
changes can be made only through endorsement signed by an authorized officer of us. 
 