 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 27 OF 116 5. Blood Services for Surgery 
Medically Necessary blood and related supplies provided during a surgical or other 
procedure that requires blood replacement are Covered Services. 
6. Chemotherapy 
Chemotherapy and other drug therapies that are Medically Necessary to treat cancers and 
other diseases and conditions are Covered Services. 
7. Clinical Trials 
The routine medical treatment costs, including all items and services that are otherwise 
generally available to our Members, received as part of a clinical trial or study, may be 
covered.  A clinical trial is the process for testing of new types of medical care that are in 
the final stages of research to find better ways to prevent, diagnose or treat diseases.  
Costs incurred are covered if: 
a. The medical treatment is provided in a Phase I, Phase II, Phase III, or Phase IV 
study or clinical trial for the treatment of cancer or in a Phase II, Phase III, or 
Phase IV study or clinical trial for the treatment of chronic fatigue syndrome; 
b. The clinical trial or study is: 
i. Approved by an agency of the National Institutes of Health as set forth in 
applicable law; 
ii. Approved by a cooperative group, a network of facilities that collaborate 
on research projects and has established a peer review program approved 
by the National Institutes of Health; 
iii. FDA-Approved as an application for a new investigational drug; 
iv. Approved by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs; or 
v. Approved by the United States Department of Defense; 
c. In the case of: 
i. A Phase I clinical trial or study for the treatment of cancer, the medical 
treatment is provided at a facility authorized to conduct Phase I clinical 
trials or studies for the treatment of cancer; or 
ii. A Phase II, Phase III, or Phase IV study or clinical trial for the treatment 
of cancer or chronic fatigue syndrome, the medical treatment is provided 
by a Provider of health care and the facility and personnel for the clinical 
trial or study have the experience and training to provide the treatment in a 
capable manner; 
d. There is no medical treatment available that is considered a more appropriate 
alternative medical treatment than the medical treatment provided in the clinical 
trial or study; 
e. There is a reasonable expectation based on clinical data that the medical treatment 
provided in the clinical trial or study will be at least as effective as any other 
medical treatment; 
f. The clinical trial or study is conducted in Nevada; 