 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 19 OF 116 benefits and services; response to Member inquiries or requests for services; 
conduct of grievances, appeals and external review programs; benefits and 
program analysis and reporting; risk management; detection and investigation of 
fraud and other unlawful conduct; auditing; underwriting and ratemaking; and 
other activities described below. 
c. Operation of disease and case management programs in plans that offer these 
programs, through which we or our contractors perform risk and health 
assessments; identify and contact Members who may benefit from participation in 
disease or case management programs; and send relevant information to those 
Members who enroll in the programs and their Providers. 
d. Quality assessment and improvement activities, such as peer review and 
credentialing of Participating Providers; program development; and accreditation 
by independent organizations, where applicable. 
e. Transitioning of policies or contracts from and to other health plans. 
f. We may disclose your medical information to another entity that has a 
relationship with you and is subject to the federal privacy laws, for their 
healthcare operations relating to quality assessment and improvement activities, 
reviewing the competence and qualifications of healthcare professionals, or 
detecting or preventing healthcare fraud and abuse. 
4. To Your Family and Friends .  We may disclose your medical information to a family 
member, friend or other person to the extent necessary to help with your healthcare or 
payment for your healthcare.  Before we disclose your medical information to a person 
involved in your healthcare or payment for your healthcare, we will provide you with an 
opportunity to object to such uses and disclosures.  If you are not present, or in the event 
of your incapacity or an emergency, we will disclose your medical information based on 
our professional judgment of whether the disclosure would be in your best interest. 
5. As Required By Law .  We will disclose medical information about you when required to 
do so by federal, state or local law.  We must also share your medical information with 
authorities that monitor our compliance with privacy laws. 
6. To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety .  We may use and disclose medical 
information about you when necessary to prevent a serious threat to your health and 
safety or the health and safety of the public or another person.  Any disclosure, however, 
would only be to someone able to help prevent the threat. 
F. Special Situations 
1. Military and Veterans – If you are a member of the armed forces, we may release medical 
information about you as required by military command authorities.  We may also release 
medical information about foreign military personnel to the appropriate foreign military 
authority. 
2. Public Health Risks – We may disclose medical information about you for public health 
activities.  These activities generally include the following: 
a. To prevent or control disease, injury or disability; 