 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 56 OF 116 V. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS  
 
This Policy does not cover certain services.  This chapter lists the general medical, pharmacy, 
pediatric vision and pediatric dental benefit exclusions of this Policy.  Benefits listed as excluded 
will not be covered by Hometown Health unless they are explicitly listed as covered elsewhere in 
the EOC or are otherwise explicitly covered through a separately purchased benefit rider.  Any 
amount you pay toward services that are not covered or otherwise excluded will not count 
toward your Deductible and Out-of-Pocket Maximum.  Additional exclusions that apply to only 
a particular service or benefit are listed in the description of that service or benefit in the EOC 
and Schedule of Benefits. 
 
A. MEDICAL AND GENERAL EXCLUSIONS  
 
The following services and benefits are excluded from medical coverage under this Benefit Plan.  
They may be covered under the pharmacy, pediatric vision or pediatric dental (if offered) 
benefits that may be included in this Benefit Plan if explicitly indicated that the benefit is 
covered.   
Additional exclusions that apply to only a particular service or benefit are listed in the 
description of that service or benefit. 
1. Services which are not Medically Necessary or are not required in accordance with 
accepted standards of medical practice or applicable law are excluded. 
2. Complications resulting from procedures, services, medical treatments or medications 
that are not covered by this Benefit Plan are excluded. 
3. Treatment for any Injury or Illness related to employment is excluded. 
4. Charges for care or services provided before the effective date or after the termination 
date of coverage are excluded. 
5. Charges for copies, presentation and preparation of your records, charts or x-rays, 
completion of insurance forms, creation of medical or dental reports and costs to forward 
or mail any such copies, forms, reports, records, charts, or x-rays are excluded. 
6. Any loss, expenses, or charges resulting from the Member’s participation in a riot or 
Criminal Act are excluded. 
7. Any loss related to an act of war, insurrection, or terrorism are excluded. 
8. Testing and treatment for educational disorders, non-medical ancillary services such as 
vocational rehabilitation, work-hardening programs, job related training requirements and 
employment training and counseling,  including services rendered by or billed by a 
school or member of its staff are excluded. 
9. Services related to job, vocational retraining, or community re-entry are excluded. 
10. Care for military service-connected disabilities and conditions for which you are legally 
eligible to receive from governmental agencies and for which facilities are reasonably 
accessible to you are excluded. 