 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 30 OF 116 Covered services also include the explanation by a genetic counselor of medical and 
scientific information about an inherited condition, birth defect, or other genome-related 
effects to an individual or family.  Genetic counselors are trained to review family 
histories and medical records, discuss genetic conditions and how they are inherited, 
explain inheritance patterns, assess risk and review testing options, where available. 
Genetic testing may only be done after consultation with an appropriately certified 
genetic counselor and/or, in our discretion, as approved by a Physician that we ma y 
designate to review the utilization, medical necessity, clinical appropriateness, and 
quality of such genetic testing. 
Medically Necessary genetic counseling will be covered in connection with pregnancy 
management with respect to the following individual s: 
a. Parents of a child born with a genetic disorder, birth defect, inborn error of 
metabolism, or chromosome abnormality; 
b. Parents of a child with mental retardation, autism, Down syndrome, trisomy 
conditions, or fragile X syndrome; 
c. Pregnant women who, based on prenatal ultrasound tests or an abnormal multiple 
marker screening test, maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein test, test for sickle cell 
anemia, or tests for other genetic abnormalities, have been told their pregnancy 
may be at increased risk for complications or birth defects; or 
d. Parents affected with an autosomal dominant disorder who are contemplating 
pregnancy; or Women who are known to be, or who are likely to be, carriers of an 
X-linked recessive disorder. 
Covered services include genetic testing of heritable disorders as Medically Necessary 
when the following conditions are met: 
a. The results will directly impact clinical decision-making and/or clinical outcome 
for the individual; 
b. The testing method is considered scientifically valid for identification of a 
genetically-linked heritable disease; and 
c. One of the following conditions is met: 
i. The Member demonstrates signs/symptoms of a genetically-linked 
heritable disease ; or 
ii. The Member or fetus has a direct risk factor (e.g., based on family history 
or pedigree analysis) for the development of a genetically-linked heritable 
disease. 
Additional genetic testing will covered as required by Federal or state mandates. 
In the absence of specific information regarding advances in the knowledge of mutation 
characteristics for a particular disorder, the current literature indicates that genetic tests 
for inherited disease need only be conducted once per lifetime of the Member. 
Routine panel screening for preconception genetic diseases, routine chorionic villous 
sampling, or amniocentesis panel screening testing, and pre-implantation embryonic 