 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 23 OF 116 is involved in your care or the payment for your care, like a family member or friend.  
For example, you could ask that we not use or disclose claims information indicating that 
you have had a surgery. 
We are not required to agree to your request .  If we do agree, we will comply with your 
request unless the information is needed to provide you with Emergency treatment. 
To request restrictions, you must make your request in writing to Hometown Health 
Customer Services, 10315 Professional Circle, Reno, NV 89521.  In your request, you 
must tell us: 
a. What information you want to limit; 
b. Whether you want to limit our use, disclosure or both; and 
c. To whom you want the limits to apply (for example, disclosures to your spouse). 
5. Right to Request Confidential Communications 
You have the right to request that we communicate with you about healthcare matters in a 
certain way or at a certain location.  For example, you can ask that we only contact you at 
work or by mail. 
To request confidential communications, you must make your request in writing to 
Hometown Health Customer Services, 10315 Professional Circle, Reno, NV 80502.  We 
will not ask you the reason for your request.  We will accommodate all reasonable 
requests.  Your request must specify how or where you wish to be contacted. 
6. Right to a Paper Copy of This Notice 
You have the right to a paper copy of this notice.  You may ask us to give you a copy of 
this notice at any time.  Even if you have agreed to receive this notice electronically, you 
are still entitled to a paper copy of this notice. 
You may obtain a copy of this notice at our Web site, hometownhealth.com. 
To obtain a paper copy of this notice, please contact Hometown Health Customer Service 
at 775-982- 3232 or 800-336-0123. 
I. Changes to This Notice 
We reserve the right to change this notice.  We reserve the right to make the revised or changed 
notice effective for medical information we already have about you as well as any information 
we receive in the future.  We will post a copy of the current notice on the Hometown Health 
website at hometownhealth.com .  The notice will contain on the first page, in the top right- hand 
comer, the effective date.  In addition, each time you enroll in a Hometown Health plan, we will 
offer you a copy of the current notice in effect.  We also may publish the current notice in our 
newsletter on at least an annual basis. 
J. Complaints 
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with Hometown 
Health by contacting Hometown Health Customer Services at 775-982-3112. All complaints 
must be submitted in writing to Hometown Health Customer Services, 10315 Professional 