 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 6 OF 116 I. DEFINITIONS  
 
The following definitions apply to all provisions of this EOC and to the applicable Schedule of 
Benefits. 
 
A. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
Acute  – A short Illness or Injury, generally of a sudden onset and/or infrequent occurrence, in 
which Illness or Injury is not always present.  An Acute condition may become Chronic. 
Allowed Amount – The contracted amount for a given service or, if there is not a contracted 
amount and the service is still covered by this Benefit Plan, the lesser of the Usual and 
Customary amount or the amount Medicare would pay for the service. 
Benefit Plan  – The specific health insurance Policy outlined in this EOC and your Schedule of 
Benefits. 
Benefit Summary Table  – A table found in the Schedule of Benefits that includes the specific 
level of Cost Sharing for various benefits that must be paid by the Member upon receipt of 
the benefit. 
Billing Cycle  – The period between the Premium due date and the day before the next Premium 
is due.  The Premium due date is the day following the date of Subscriber acceptance of 
policy.  Eligibility for coverage and membership will not begin until the Premium is 
collected and the effective date of coverage will vary depending upon the circumstances 
around the enrollment.  This is detailed in the eligibility section of the policy. 
Chronic  – An Illness, condition, or Injury that continues or is expected to continue for at least 
six months that can recur frequently or is always present.  Chronic conditions may have 
Acute episodes. 
Chronic Pain  – Ongoing pain that is due to non-life threatening causes may continue for the 
remainder of life and that has not responded to currently available treatment methods. 
Coinsurance  – The percentage of the Allowed Amount for a covered service that is due and 
payable by the Member to a Provider upon receipt of the service.  There may be separate 
coinsurance for medical, pharmacy and other benefits according to the Benefit Plan that is in 
place.  Coinsurance applies after all Deductibles have been paid, unless otherwise stated 
within the Schedule of Benefits or EOC.  Coinsurance paid by the Member applies to the 
Out-of-Pocket Maximum s. 
Copayment  – The dollar amount that a Member must pay to a Provider upon receipt of certain 
covered services.  Copayments apply after all deductibles have been paid, unless otherwise 
stated within the Schedule of Benefits or EOC.  If there is no Deductible for a particular 
service or the applicable Deductible has been reached, and a Copayment is listed, the 
Member’ s Cost Sharing for that service will be that Copayment.  Copayments paid by the 
Member apply to the In-Network Out- of-Pocket Maximums. 
Cost Sharing  – A general term used to describe the amount of Deductible, Copayment, 
Coinsurance and other expenses that a Member must pay before Hometown Health pays for 
Covered Services.  Cost Sharing is used to promote the use of lower high cost and higher 