 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 40 OF 116 j. Tissue transplants (whether natural or artificial replacement materials or devices 
are used) or oral implants, including the treatment for complications arising from 
tissue or organ transplants or replacement, except as described above are 
excluded. 
 
B. HOSPITAL , SKILLED NURSING CARE, AND SERVICES IN AN OUTPATIENT 
SURGICAL CENTER  
 
1. Inpatient Care 
Medically Necessary inpatient Hospital care is covered.  Services include, but are not 
limited to: 
a. Services for medical conditions treated in an Acute care Hospital inpatient 
environment; 
b. Semi-private room and board (private room when Medically Necessary); 
c. General nursing care facilities, services, and supplies on an inpatient basis; 
d. Diagnostic services that are provided in a facility, whether such facility is a 
Hospital or a freestanding facility (see “Other Services and Supplies for related 
Covered Services); 
e. Surgical and obstetrical procedures, including the services of a surgeon or 
Specialist, assistant, and anesthetist or anesthesiologist together with preoperative 
and postoperative care; 
f. Maternity and newborn care for up to 48 hours of inpatient care for a mother and 
her newborn child following a vaginal delivery and up to 96 hours of inpatient 
care for a mother and her newborn child following a Cesarean delivery.  The 
time-periods will commence at the time of the delivery.  Any decision to shorten 
the length of inpatient stay to less than those time-periods will be made by the 
attending Physician after conferring with the mother;  
g. Inpatient, short-term rehabilitative services, limited to treatment of conditions that 
are subject to significant clinical improvement over a continuous 30-day period 
from the date inpatient therapy commences in a distinct rehabilitation unit of a 
Hospital, skilled nursing facility, or other facility approved by us (limited to 60 
days per calendar year); 
h. Inpatient alcohol and substance abuse rehabilitation services in a Hospital, 
residential treatment facility, or day treatment program; and 
i. Inpatient mental health services. 
Inpatient services to treat mental illness conditions are subject to medical policy and 
medical necessity.  Inpatient treatment for substance abuse conditions is limited to a 
maximum number of days as listed on the Schedule of Benefits per member’s benefit 
year.  Provider visits received during a covered admission are also covered.  Benefits are 
provided for medically necessary inpatient care, outpatient care, Partial Hospitalization, 