 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 73 OF 116 VIII.  ELIGIBILITY AND ENROLLMENT  
 
This chapter describes Hometown Health’s eligibility and enrollment requirements .  It provides 
the Who, When and How of eligibility and enrollment: 
1. Who is eligible for coverage? 
2. When can you enroll in or change coverage and when are those changes effective? 
3. How do you enroll in coverage? 
You and your dependents may not enroll in this Policy unless you meet the requirements 
provided in this chapter, you provide your enrollment information within the time periods 
described here and payment is made by the applicable due dates. 
 
A. WHO IS ELIGIBLE FOR COVERAGE ? 
 
The following describes those who may enroll in this policy. 
1. Subscriber 
The Subscriber is a person who meets all applicable eligibility requirements of this EOC, 
whose enrollment form has been accepted by Hometown Health and in whose name the 
membership is established.  The Subscriber is the employee.  To be eligible for 
membership as a Subscriber under thi s EOC, you must: 
a. Be a United States citizen, national or lawfully present non-citizen for the entire 
period for which coverage is sought; 
b. Be a legal resident of the United States; 
c. Be an employee of an employer whose principal place of business is in the 
Geographic Service Area where the plan is offered; 
d. Agree to pay for the cost of Premium as required by your employer; 
e. Not be incarcerated (except pending disposition of charges);  
f. Be an employee who regularly works 30 or more hours per week and satisfy your 
employer’s eligibility provisions, including any probationary or waiting period 
requirements; 
g. Complete and submit all enrollment forms and other required documents; and 
h. Satisfy any probationary or waiting period requirements. 
2. Dependents 
A Subscriber may enroll an eligible dependent during the appropriate enrollment period 
if the dependent is listed on the Subscriber’s enrollment application and all other required 
documents are completed and submitted to us.  A dependent may not enroll in this 
Benefit Plan if the employee is not also enrolled.  Please note that your employer may 
choose to not offer employer sponsored coverage to spouses, domestic partners and/or all 