 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 66 OF 116 7. Services related to the diagnosis and treatment of Temporomandibular Joint Dysfunction 
(TMD) are excluded unless determined to be Medically Necessary.  Refer to the Oral 
Surgery, Dental Services and Temporomandibular Joint Disorder section (Chapter IV, 
Part A, Item 18 – Oral Surgery, Dental Services and Temporomandibular Joint Disorder) 
of this EOC for more information; 
8. Office infection control charges are excluded. 
9. Charges for copies of your records, charts or x-rays, or any costs associated with 
forwarding/ mailing copies of your records, charts or x-rays are excluded. 
10. State or territorial taxes on dental services performed are excluded. 
11. Those costs submitted by a dentist, which is for the same services performed on the same 
date for the same member by another dentist are excluded. 
12. Those services provided free of charge by any governmental unit are excluded, except 
where this exclusion is prohibited by law; 
13. Those services for which the member would have no obligation to pay in the absence of 
this or any similar coverage are excluded. 
14. Those services which are for specialized procedures and techniques are excluded. 
15. Those services performed by a dentist who is compensated by a facility for similar 
covered services performed for members are excluded. 
16. Duplicate, provisional and temporary devices, appliances, and services are excluded. 
17. Plaque control programs and oral hygiene instruction are excluded. 
18. Services to alter vertical dimension and/or restore or maintain the occlusion are excluded.  
Such procedures include, but are not limited to, equilibration, periodontal splinting, full 
mouth rehabilitation, and restoration for misalignment of teeth; 
19. Gold foil restorations are excluded. 
20. Treatment or services for injuries resulting from the maintenance or use of a motor 
vehicle are excluded if such treatment or service is paid or payable under a plan or policy 
of motor vehicle insurance, including a certified self-insurance plan. 
21. Hospital costs or any additional fees that the dentist or Hospital charges for treatment at 
the Hospital (inpatient or outpatient) are excluded. 
22. Charges by the provider for completing dental forms are excluded. 
23. Adjustment of a denture or bridgework which is made within 6 months after installation 
by the same Dentist who installed it are excluded. 
24. Use of material or home health aides to prevent decay, such as toothpaste, fluoride gels, 
dental floss and teeth whiteners are excluded. 
25. Cone Beam Imaging and Cone Beam MRI procedures are excluded. 
26. Sealants for teeth other than permanent molars are excluded. 
27. Precision attachments, personalization, precious metal bases and other specialized 
techniques are excluded. 