 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 62 OF 116 d. Any payment made by or on behalf of a Member who is contemplating or has 
entered into a contract for surrogacy to a Provider or individual related to any 
services potentially included in the scope of surrogacy services described above is 
excluded.  
 
B. PHARMACY BENEFIT EXCLUSIONS  
 
The following services and benefits are excluded from pharmacy coverage under this Benefit 
Plan.  They may be covered under the medical, pediatric vision or pediatric dental (if offered) 
benefits that may be included in this Benefit Plan if explicitly indicated that the benefit is 
covered. 
1. Drugs not Medically Necessary or not required in accordance with accepted standards of 
medical practice or applicable law are excluded. 
2. Drugs to treat complications resulting from procedures, services, medical treatments or 
medications that are not covered by this Benefit Plan are excluded. 
3. Any charges for the administration or injection of prescription drugs or injectable insulin 
and other injectable drugs covered by Hometown  Health are excluded. 
4. Any refill in excess of the amount specified by the prescription order is excluded.  For 
prescription drugs provided as a 30 day supply, any refill provided prior to 22 days after 
the previous fill is excluded unless the member receives Prior Authorization.  Before 
recognizing charges, Hometown Health may require a new prescription or evidence as to 
need if a prescription or refill appears excessive under accepted medical practice 
standards. 
5. Compounded medications except for compounded medications for palliative care with 
Prior Authorization are excluded. 
6. Cosmetics or any drugs used for cosmetic purposes or to promote hair growth even for 
documented medical conditions, including but not limited to health and beauty aids are 
excluded. 
7. Dietary or nutritional products or appetite suppressants or other weight-loss medications 
(such as appetite suppressants, including the treatment of obesity) whether prescription or 
over-the-counter are excluded.  
8. Vitamins are excluded except those prescribed prenatal vitamins and vitamins with 
fluoride that require a prescription and are listed on the Drug Formulary. 
9. Drugs dispensed by other than a Par ticipating Retail Pharmacy are excluded except as 
Medically Necessary for treatment of an Emergency or Urgent Care condition. 
10. Drugs listed on the Formulary  Exclusions List, designated as Non-Formulary, or not 
included on the Formulary are excluded. 
11. Drugs prescribed by a provider not acting within the scope of his or her license are 
excluded. 
12. Drugs listed by the FDA as “less than effective” (DESI drugs) are excluded.  