 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 44 OF 116 Non-Participating Provider in an Emergency or Out-of-Area Urgent Care Center visit.  
However, because Hometown Health is not contracted with Non-Participating Providers, 
that Provider may bill you amounts in excess of the Allowed Amount.  Even if you go to 
a contracted facility in an Emergency, some Providers at that facility may not be 
Participating Providers and may bill you for amounts in excess of the Allowed Amount. 
If you receive a bill for Emergency or Out-of-Area Urgent Care Center services from a 
Non-Participating Provider that is more than the In-Network Cost Sharing amount that 
appears in your Schedule of Benefits, please contact our customer service department. 
 
D. URGENT CARE SERVICES  
 
1. Medical Care and Notification 
Urgent Care is available through participating Physicians seven days a week.  Medically 
Necessary Out- of-Area Urgent Care Center services are also covered. 
Out-of-Area elective or specialized care required due to circumstances that could 
reasonably have been foreseen prior to departure from our Geographic Service Area is 
only covered as set forth in your Policy-specific Schedule of Benefits. 
2. Follow-up Care if Temporarily Outside our Geographic Service Area 
Continuing or follow-up care for Urgent Care is limited to care required before you can, 
without medically harmful or injurious consequences, return to our Geographic Service 
Area to receive services from Participating Providers as determined by us.  Routine 
follow-up care is not a covered Urgent Care service.  You should notify our customer 
services department upon your return to our Geographic Service Area to avoid a denial of 
your claim. 
3. Limitations 
Urgent Care services obtained at a Hospital Emergency facility may cost you more.  
Please refer to your Schedule of Benefits. 
Urgent Care Center services received from Non-Participating Providers will not be 
covered unless the service is received Out-of-Area. 
4. Balance Billing 
Balance Billing is a practice in which a Non-Participating Provider bills you for amounts 
in excess of the allowed amount.  This usually occurs during Emergency or Out-of-Area 
Urgent Care Center visits when Hometown Health does not have the opportunity to 
negotiate a price with a Non-Participating Provider prior to the provision of services. 
Services should be provided at a Participating Provider unless the medical condition is an 
Emergency or Out-of-Area Urgent Care Center visit.  You may go to a Non-Participating 
Provider in an Emergency or Out-of-Area Urgent Care Center visit.  However, because 
Hometown Health is not contracted with Non-Participating Providers, that Provider may 
bill you amounts in excess of the Allowed Amount.  Even if you go to a contracted 