 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 97 OF 116  Group service plan contracts, group practice, individual practice and other 
prepayment coverage; 
 Any group coverage for students that is group-sponsored by or provided through 
school or other educational institutions, other than accident coverage for grammar 
school or high school students for which the parent pays the entire Premium; 
 Any coverage under labor management trustee plans, union welfare plans, employer 
organization plans, employee benefits plans, or employee benefit organization plans; 
 Any group automobile third party insurance required under any law of a state, but 
only to the extent of benefits required under such third-party no fault law and only to 
the extent coordination of benefits is permitted under such third-party no fault law; 
 Coverage under a governmental program, including Medicare and Worker’s 
Compensation plans; or 
 Any coverage under an Individual plan for the member. 
The term “Plan” will be construed separately with respect to each policy, contract, or other 
arrangement for benefits or services and separately with respect to that portion of any such 
policy, contract, or other arrangement that reserves the right to take the benefits or services of 
other plans into consideration in determining its benefits and that portion that does not. 
Primary or Primary Plan  – A Plan that, in accordance with the rules regarding the order of 
benefits determination, provides benefits or benefit payments without considering any other 
Plan. 
Secondary or Secondary Plan  – A Plan that, in accordance with the rules regarding the order of 
benefit determination, may reduce benefits or benefit payments and/or recover from the 
primary Plan benefit payments. 
D. When Coordination of Benefits Applies 
Coordination of benefits applies when you are covered under this Policy and you are entitled to 
receive payment for, or provision of, some or all of the same Covered Services from another 
Plan.   
E. How Coordination of Benefits works 
Plans use coordination of benefits to decide which health care coverage programs should be the 
Primary Plan for the Covered Service.  If the Primary Plan payment is less than the charge for 
the Covered Service, then the Secondary Plan will apply its allowable expense to the unpaid 
balance.  You must first file a claim with the Primary Plan to receive any benefits from the 
Secondary Plan.   
Hometown Health may pay benefits to any insurer providing other valid coverage in the event of 
overpayment by such insurer.  Any such payment shall discharge the liability of Hometown 
Health as fully as if the payment had been made directly to the insured or the assignee o r 
beneficiary of the insured.  If Hometown Health pays benefits to the insured or the assignee or 
beneficiary of the insured, in excess of the amount which would have been payable if the 
existence of other valid coverage had been disclosed, this insurer shall have a right of action 
against the insured or the assignee or beneficiary of the insured to recover the amount which 
would not have been paid had there been a disclosure of the existence of the other valid 