 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 70 OF 116 determine that the services do not meet our criteria and protocols, we will not pay the 
Hospital or related charges. 
2. Inpatient and Outpatient Surgery 
You are responsible for making sure we are notified at least five business days before 
elective inpatient or outpatient surgery is performed to ensure that it is covered.  Your 
Physician or other Provider may notify us but it is ultimately your responsibility to make 
sure we are notified.  We will review the Physician’s recommended course of treatment.  
We will pay benefits only for inpatient/outpatient surgery that we authorize.  We will not 
pay for inpatient or outpatient surgery or related charges if we determine that such 
charges are not a Covered Service or do not meet our criteria and protocols. 
3. Emergency and Urgent Hospital Admissions 
An Emergency Hospital admission means an admission for Hospital confinement that 
results from a sudden and unexpected onset of a condition that requires medical or 
surgical care.  In the absence of such care, you could reasonably be expected to suffer 
serious bodily Injury or death.  Examples of Emergency Hospital admissions include, but 
are not limited to, admissions for heart attacks, severe chest pain, burns, loss of 
consciousness, serious breathing difficulties, spinal Injuries, and other acute conditions. 
An urgent Hospital admission means an admission for a medical condition resulting from 
Injury or serious Illness that is less severe than an Emergency Hospital admission but 
requires care within a short time, including complications of pregnancy. 
For an Emergency or urgent Hospital admission (including for all covered complications 
of pregnancy), you are responsible for making sure that we are notified within 24 hours, 
the next business day, or as soon as reasonable after admission.  If you are incapacitated 
and you (or a friend or relative) cannot notify us within the above stated times, we must 
receive notification as soon as reasonably possible after the admission or you may be 
subject to reduced benefits as provided in your specific Policy. 
4. Healthcare Services and Supplies Review 
Participating Providers may notify us on your behalf to obtain Prior Authorization for the 
services described in Part B (Scope of the Program) above. 
Non-Participating Providers may not know or attempt to notify us to obtain Prior 
Authorization for services.  In such a case, you must confirm that a Prior Authorization 
has been provided for the service to assure that the service is covered. 
We will pay for covered health care services and supplies only if authorized as outlined 
above.  We will not pay for any healthcare services or supplies that are not Covered 
Services or do not meet our criteria and protocols. 
D. Concurrent Review and Case Management 
After admission to a facility, we will continue to evaluate the patient’ s progress to monitor 
appropriate level of care and services.  If, after consulting with the Physician or a representative 
of your treatment team or the Hospital case management team, we determine a lower level of 
care is appropriate or a service does not meet our criteria standards, we will not extend continued 