 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 32 OF 116 services potentially included in the scope of surrogacy services described above is 
excluded. 
14. Mastectomy Reconstructive Surgery 
Breast reconstructive surgery and the internal or external prosthetic devices are covered 
for Members who have undergone mastectomies or other treatments for breast cancer.  
Treatment will be provided in a manner determined in consultation with the Physician 
and the Member. 
Subject to all the terms and conditions of this EOC, if a covered mastectomy or other 
breast cancer treatment is performed, we will also provide coverage for: 
a. All stages of reconstruction of the breast on which the mastectomy has been 
performed; 
b. Surgery and reconstruction of the other breast to produce a symmetrical structure; 
c. Prostheses; and 
d. Physical complications for all stages of mastectomy, including lymphedemas. 
If reconstructive surgery occurs within three years after a mastectomy, the amount of the 
benefits for that surgery will equal the amounts provided for in the Policy at the time of 
the mastectomy.  If the surgery occurs more than three years after the mastectomy, the 
benefits provided are subject to all the terms, conditions, and exclusions contained in the 
Policy at the time of reconstructive surgery. 
15. Medical Care 
Medically Necessary medical care and services, performed by a Physician or other 
Professional on an inpatient and outpatient basis, are covered, including: 
a. Office visits and consultations; 
b. Hospital and skilled nursing facility services; 
c. Ambulatory surgical center services; 
d. Home health care services; 
e. Surgery; and 
f. Other Professional services. 
16. Medical Pharmacy 
Cost Sharing resulting from receipt of Medical Pharmacy benefits described in this 
section apply to the medical or combined Deductible, as applicable.  These benefits do 
not apply to any separate pharmacy Deductible if the pharmacy deductible is separate 
from the medical Deductible. 
This benefit includes the distribution, administration, and/or supply of ph armaceuticals 
and immuni zations, f requently in conjunction with other servi ces provide d at a Medical 
Pharmacy.  This benefit does not include other types of pha rmaceuti cals, which may be 
covered a s described elsewh ere in this EOC. 