 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 12 OF 116 Policy  – This Evidence of Coverage (EOC), the Group Subscription Agreement, the Schedule of 
Benefits, riders, questionnaires, applicable attachments and amendments. 
Preferred or Participating (In-Network) Provider  – A Provider who is listed in our current 
provider directory and who is directly or indirectly under contract with Hometown Health to 
provide Covered Services to Members. 
A Partic ipating Provider’s agreement with us or the association of a particular Professional 
with a Participating Provider may terminate, and, in such a case, a Member will be required 
to use another Participating Provider to receive In-Network benefits.  Not all Providers who 
have contracts with us are Participating Providers for the purposes of this particular product.  
We do not guarantee the continued availability of any particular Provider.  Participating 
Providers cannot determine whether a service is a Covered Service under this Policy or on 
behalf of us. 
You can find our current provider directory on our web site at hometownhealth.com  under 
the Provider Directory link or you can request one by contacting our customer service 
department. 
Premium  – A periodic payment, typically monthly, paid to us for this Policy. 
Primary Care Physician (PCP)  – A Physician in the fields of Family Practice, Internal Medicine 
or Pediatrics who is Participating Provider and who a Member designates (or who we 
designate on behalf of a Member) to arrange and coordinate all aspects of such Member’s 
care. 
Prior Authorization  – Approval from Hometown Health that may be required before you get a 
service or fill a prescription.  We use utilization management and quality assurance protocols 
to ensure the service being requested is Medically Necessary and covered.  Prior 
Authorizations protect you from expenses that result from receiving services that are not 
covered, not medically necessary or are otherwise excluded from coverage under this plan.  
All benefits listed in this EOC and your Schedule of Benefits may be subject to Prior 
Authorization requirements and concurrent review depending upon the circumstances 
associated with the services.  If a Prior Authorization is required and you do not obtain the 
required Prior Authorization, you will be subject to a 50% reduction in benefits, even if the 
service is Medically Necessary.  There may be Prior Authorization or pre-treatment 
requirements for pharmacy, dental, and vision benefits.  Refer to your plan-specific Schedule 
of Benefits for services that require Prior Authorization.  You may find a full list of services 
that require Prior Authorization by visiting our website at hometownhealth.com .   
Professional  – A Physician or other health care professional, including a pharmacist, Physician’s 
assistant, nurse practitioner, or autism behavioral interventionist, who is licensed, certified, or 
otherwise authorized by the state to provide health care services consistent with state law. 
Provider  – A Physician, Professional, organization or association of physicians, Hospital, skilled 
nursing facility, any organization licensed by a state to render home health services, or any 
other licensed health care institution or health care professional. 
Qualifying Life Event  – An event in your life, such as birth or marriage, which allows you to 
enroll or change health insurance coverage. 