 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 98 OF 116 coverage.  The amount of other valid coverage which is on a provision of service basis shall be 
computed as the amount the services rendered would have cost in the absence of such coverage. 
F. Determination Rules 
The Policy determines the order of benefit determination using the first of the following that 
applies: 
1. No Coordination of Benefits Provision.  If another Plan does not contain a provision 
coordinating its benefits with those of this Policy, then the benefits of such other plan will 
always be determined before the benefits of this Policy. 
2. Dental Plans.  If a claim for services provided by an oral or maxillofacial surgeon is 
submitted and the Member is also covered under a Dental Plan, then the Dental Plan is 
the Primary Plan. 
3. Non-Dependent/Dependent.  The benefits of the Plan that covers a person as a Subscriber 
are Primary to those of the Plan that covers the person as a dependent.  The benefits of 
the plan that covers a newborn, adopted child or child placed for adoption as the enrolled 
Subscriber or enrolled dependent are primary to the Plan that is required to cover such 
individuals pursuant to NRS 689A.043, 689B.033 or similar requirement but has not 
received the required notification and applicable payment to continue coverage beyond 
31 days after the date of birth, adoption or placement for adoption. 
4. Dependent Child/Parents Not Separated or Divorced.  When this Policy and another Plan 
cover the same child as a dependent of different persons, called “parents ”: 
a. The Plan of the parent whose birthday falls earlier in the calendar year is Primary 
to the Plan of the parent whose birthday falls later in the year; and 
b. If both parents have the same birthday, the benefits of the policy that covers a 
parent longer is the Primary Plan. 
5. Dependent Children/Separated or Divorced Parents.  If two or more plans cover a person 
as a dependent child of divorced or separated parents, benefits for the child are 
determined in this order: 
a. First, the Plan of the parent with custody of the child; 
b. Then, the Plan of the spouse of the parent with custody of the child; and 
c. Finally, the Plan of the parent not having custody of the child; 
With respect to 1, 2, and 3 above, if there is a court decree that would otherwise establish 
financial responsibility for the health care expenses with respect to the child, the benefits 
of a plan that covers the child as a dependent of the parent with such financial 
responsibility will be determined before the benefits of any other plan that covers the 
child as a dependent child. 
6. Active/Inactive Employee.  A Plan that covers a person who is neither laid off nor retired 
(or that eligible employee’s dependents) is primary to a plan that covers that person as a 
laid off or retired eligible employee (or that eligible employee’s dependents) .  If the other 
plan does not have this rule, and if, as a result, the plans do not agree about the benefits, 
this rule is ignored; 