 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 25 OF 116 IV. SCHEDULE OF BENEFITS  
 
If you incur expenses for Covered Services, we will pay that expense less the applicable 
Deductible, Copayments, and/or Coinsurance, except as otherwise provided in this EOC.  The 
specific Deductible, Copayments, and Coinsurance amounts are shown in your Schedule of 
Benefits.  We will pay up to the maximum benefit specified for Covered Services. 
When we determine that two or more courses of treatment are substantially equivalent, we have 
the right to substitute less costly services or benefits for those that we would otherwise cover 
under this Policy.  This applies regardless of whether we otherwise would cover such less costly 
benefits. 
Example: If both inpatient care in a skilled nursing facility and intermittent, part-time nursing 
care in the home would be medically appropriate, and if inpatient nursing care would be less 
costly, we could limit coverage to the inpatient care.  We could limit coverage to inpatient 
care even if this means extending the inpatient benefit beyond the quantity provided in this 
EOC. 
The fact that a Participating Provider prescribed, ordered, recommended, or approved a 
service, treatment, or supply does not necessarily make it a Covered Service or Medically 
Necessary. 
The following is a description of Covered Services.  All Covered Services must be Medically 
Necessary and are subject to exclusions and limitations as described herein.  Prior-authorization 
is required for many services.  Limitations may apply.  All services must be provided by 
Providers licensed or certified to provide the service unless otherwise indicated.  This chapter 
should be read in conjunction with V (Exclusions and Limitations) and your Policy-specific 
Schedule of Benefits.  Your Policy-specific Schedule of Benefits lists specific Cost Sharing 
information not listed within this EOC. 
 
A. PROFESSIONAL SERVICES  
 
The following services are Covered Services when provided by a Professional. 
1. Alcohol and Substance Abuse Services (Inpatient and Outpatient). 
Medically Necessary inpatient and outpatient alcohol and substance abuse services will 
be provided under the terms as noted in the Schedule of Benefits.  Substance abuse care 
benefits are for acute medical detoxification and for substance abuse rehabilitation and 
counseling.  The main purpose of medical detoxification is to rid the body of toxins, 
monitor heart rate, blood pressure and other vital signs, manage withdrawal symptoms 
and administer medications as needed. 
Inpatient and outpatient programs for alcohol and substance abuse treatment require Prior 
Authorization.  Alcohol and substance abuse office visits that are not part of an alcohol or 
substance abuse program do not require Prior Authorization. 
This Benefit Plan provides all mental health and substance abuse benefits in accordance 
with the Mental Health Parity and Addition Equity Act of 2008.  