 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 29 OF 116 8. Diabetic Services for Type 1, Type 2, and Gestational Diabetes 
Coverage is provided for the Medically Necessary management and treatment of 
diabetes, including infusion pumps and related supplies, medication, equipment, supplies, 
and appliances for the treatment of diabetes. 
Coverage is provided for the Medically Necessary self-management of diabetes for 
training and education provided after you are diagnosed with diabetes for the care and 
management of diabetes, including, counseling in nutrition and the proper use of 
equipment and supplies for the treatment of diabetes. 
9. Family Planning 
Coverage is provided for vasectomies and tubal ligations.  Reversals of prior sterilization 
procedures, including, but not limited to tubal ligation and vasectomy reversals are 
excluded. 
10. Gastric Restrictive Services (Bariatric) 
Covered Services include Medically Necessary surgical interventions to accomplish 
weight loss in individuals who are obese or morbidly obese with associated Illnesses. 
These services will not be covered unless you receive Prior Authorization.  These 
services include: 
a. Cardiac disease; 
b. Sleep apnea; 
c. Diabetes; 
d. Hypertension; 
e. Disorders of the pituitary gland and its hypothalamic control; 
f. Disorders of the adrenal glands ; or 
g. Cushing’s Syndrome 
Benefits for gastric restrictive services are limited to one (1) surgery per lifetime. 
Surgical or invasive treatments for obesity or morbid obesity including but not limited to 
gastric restrictive services, reversals, and treatments to resolve complications are 
generally excluded, unless Medically Necessary and are covered as described above.  
Medically Necessary treatment for complications resulting from Gastric Restrictive 
Surgical Services will be covered the same as any other illness. 
11. Genetic Counseling/Testing 
Covered Services include Medically Necessary genetic disease testing.  Genetic disease 
testing is the analysis of human DNA, chromosomes, proteins, or other gene products to 
determine the presence of disease-related genotypes, phenotypes, karyotypes, or 
mutations for clinical purposes.  Such purposes include those tests meeting criteria for the 
medically accepted standard of care for the prediction of disease risk, identification of 
carriers, monitoring, diagnosis, or prognosis within the confines of the statements in this 
definition.  Coverage is not available for tests solely for research, or for the benefit of 
individuals not covered under the Policy. 