 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 2 OF 116 EOC. 
 
Minimum Essential Coverage.  This Benefit Plan is considered Minimum Essential Coverage as 
defined by the ACA, 26 U.S.C. § 5000A(f) and its implementing regulations.  Subscribers 
enrolled in this plan will receive an IRS Form 1095-B from Hometown Health.  Form 1095-B is 
used to report certain information to the IRS and to taxpayers about individuals who are covered 
by Minimum Essential Coverage and therefore are not liable for the individual shared 
responsibility payment for the months during which they are enrolled in this plan. 
 
Dependent Eligibility.  Please contact your employer to determine who in your family may be 
eligible for coverage under this plan.  Your employer may choose to offer coverage to any of the 
following groups as selected in the Group Subscription Agreement: 
1. Employees only 
2. Employees and children; 
3. Employees, spouses and children; or 
4. Employees, spouses, domestic partners and children. 
 
If your employer chooses to limit coverage of dependents, any provisions in this EOC that 
discusses eligibility and coverage of dependents is limited to those categories of dependents (if 
any) that are eligible for coverage, with the exception of eligible children who are always covered 
within the first 31 days following birth, adoption or placement for adoption as described in 
Chapter VIII – Eligibility and Enrollment, Section A. 
 
Ongoing Regulation.  This EOC complies with the requirements of the Patient Protection and 
Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, together 
referred to as the Affordable Care Act (ACA), the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity 
Act of 2008 and all other applicable state and federal insurance laws (including Nevada’s 
telehealth law), regulations and guidance effective on the date of publication of this Schedule of 
Benefits and the EOC it supports.  These laws, regulations and supporting guidance may change.  
We will provide coverage under this Policy in accordance with these laws, regulations and 
guidance as they are issued. 
 
Your Documents.  Copies of your EOC, Schedule of Ben efits, attachments, Preferred Provider 
lists and other associated documents are available online at hometownhealth.com .  We will 
provide you with paper copies of these documents without charge upon your request to our 
customer services department. 
  