 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 31 OF 116 testing will not be covered unless the testing is endorsed by the American College of 
Obstetrics and Gynecology, or mandated by federal or state law. 
12. Home Health Care 
Medically Necessary home health care is covered if such care is provided by an 
organization or Professional licensed by the state to render home health services.  Such 
care will not be available if it is substantially or primarily for the Member’s convenience 
or the convenience of a caregiver.  Home care is covered in the home only on a part-time 
and temporary basis and to the extent that such care is performed by a licensed or 
registered nurse or appropriate therapist.  See the section entitled “Other Services and 
Supplies” for coverage for other home health care services.  
13. Infertility Services 
Medically Necessary services to diagnose problems of infertility are covered for one 
workup per year up to three (3) evaluations per lifetime.  Up to six (6) cycles of artificial 
insemination are covered per lifetime for covered members.  For the covered female, 
services include the preparation of the sperm and the insemination, provided that the 
sperm has not been purchased or the donor compensated for his biological material o r 
services, and that the donor is covered under a Hometown Health individual or small 
group plan.  Costs related to the actual insemination of a non-covered person, are not 
covered under the terms of this benefit plan.   
The following services are not covered: 
a. All other costs incurred for reproduction by artificial means or assisted 
reproductive technology (such as in-vitro fertilization or embryo transplants) 
except services directly related to artificial insemination services up to the 
maximum benefit lim it are excluded.  This exclusion includes treatments, testing, 
services, supplies, devices, or drugs intended to produce a pregnancy; 
b. The promotion of fertility including, but not limited to, fertility testing (except as 
otherwise covered and described above); serial ultrasounds; services to reverse 
voluntary surgically-induced infertility; reversal of surgical sterilization; any 
service, supply, or drug used in conjunction with or for the purpose of an 
artificially induced pregnancy, test-tube fertilization; the cost of donor sperm or 
eggs; in-vitro fertilization and embryo transfer or any artificial reproduction 
technology or the freezing of sperm or eggs or storage costs for frozen sperm, 
eggs, or embryos; maternity services related to a Member serving in the capacity 
of a surrogate mother, sperm donor for profit or prescription (infertility) drugs; or 
GIFT or ZIFT procedures, low tubal transfers, or donor egg retrieval are 
excluded; 
c. Any services related to a Member serving in the capacity of a surrogate mother, 
including, but not limited to, determining, evaluating, or enhancing the physical 
or psychological readiness for pregnancy, procedures to improve the Member’s 
ability to become pregnant or to carry a pregnancy to term, or maternity services 
are excluded; and 
d. Any payment made by or on behalf of a Member who is contemplating or has 
entered into a contract for surrogacy to a Provider or individual related to any 