 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 52 OF 116 d. Iron Supplements for asymptomatic children aged 6 to 12 months who are 
increased risk for iron deficiency anemia: Age limit 0-1 year; prescription or OTC 
(requires a prescription); iron suspension, ferrous sulfate elixir, syrup and 
solution; 
e. Tobacco Cessation – The USPSTF recommends that clinicians ask all adults 
about tobacco use and provide tobacco cessation interventions for those who use 
tobacco products: Annual limit of 2 cycles (12 weeks per cycle); OTC generics 
only; generic Zyban only; Rx or OTC (requires a prescription); Nicotrol Inhaler 
and Nasal Spray; Nicotine polacrilex gum or lozenge; Nicotine TD patch 24hr 
kits; Bupropion HCl SR tabs; Varenicline (Chantix) tablets; and 
f. Immunizations: Vaccines: The following vaccines are covered if provided by a 
Certified   Immunizing   pharmacist:   Influenza,   Hepatitis   A   &   B;   Human 
Papillomavirus inactivated; Poliovirus; Rubella; Meningococcal, Pneumococcal; 
Rotavirus; Tetanus Diphtheria, Pertussis, Varicella, Zoster.  These may be 
administered or dispensed at the pharmacy, but are part of the preventive services 
covered in the benefits outlined under this EOC. 
6. Contraceptive Products 
FDA approved contraceptive products for women are covered only with a prescription 
from the woman’s health care Provider and as required by law.  The Member must 
submit a request for reimbursement in writing to Hometown Health. The request must 
include a copy of the receipt for the cost of the product and the prescription from the 
prescribing Physician.  The following contraceptive products are covered under this 
Policy: 
a. Oral contraceptives; 
b. Diaphragms: One per 365 consecutive day period; 
c. Injectable contraceptives:  The prescription provider’s copayment applies for each 
vial; 
d. Contraceptive patches; 
e. Contraceptive ring; and 
f. Norplant and IUDs are covered when obtained from a participating physician. 
The participating Physician will provide insertion and removal of the device.  An Office 
Visit Copayment or Coinsurance may apply if services during that visit are for more than 
the contraceptive visit.  There will be no Copayment or Coinsurance for the contraceptive 
devices as noted above if dispensed or inserted by a participating Physician. 
The dispensing of each type will require a separate prescription.  Oral-contraceptive 
prescription quantities are limited to one 21-day cycle supply or one 28-day cycle supply 
per month.  Formulary Generic Drug and Brand Drug oral contraceptives that do not have 
a generic equivalent (single source brand) will have no Copayment for the Member.  If 
the Member purchases Brand Drug oral contraceptives that have a generic equivalent 
(multi-source brand) the Member will be required to pay the difference between the 
Brand Drug and th e Generic Drug, as is the case with other multi-source Brand Drugs.  