 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 8 OF 116 individual family member cannot contribute more than the individual Deductible amount.  
This is called an Embedded Deductible. 
For certain HDHPs, if enrolled as a family, the family must satisfy the family Deductible 
each calendar year before benefits are payable for any individual family Member.  HDHPs 
cannot cover health plan expenses before Deductibles except for preventive care services.  
This is called an Umbrella Deductible. 
See your Schedule of Benefits for the definition of Deductible that applies to you. 
Developmental Care  – Services or supplies that: 
 Are provided to a Member who has not previously reached the level of intellectual, 
speech, motor, or physical development normally expected for the Member’s age, and 
such conditions were not a result of an injury or illness; 
 Are primarily provided to assist in the development of those skills described above; and 
 Are not rehabilitative in nature (for example, restoring fully developed skills that were 
lost or impaired due to injury or illness). 
Domiciliary Care  – Services or supplies that: 
 Primarily provide a protective environment and assistance with basic personal needs for a 
Member; 
 Are primarily provided because the Member’s own home arrangements are not 
appropriate; and 
 Are not part of an active treatment plan intended to or reasonably expected to improve 
the Member’s condition of functional ability.  
Emergency  – A medical condition manifesting itself by symptoms of sufficient severity 
(including severe pain) that a Member, as a prudent layperson with an average knowledge of 
health and medicine, could reasonably believe that the absence of immediate medical 
attention could result in: 
 Serious jeopardy to the health of the Member; 
 Serious jeopardy to the health of an unborn child; 
 Serious impairment of a bodily function; or 
 Serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part. 
Evidence of Coverage (EOC)  – This document which des cribes benefits, exclusions, limita tions, 
and appli cable administ rative policies, rights, responsibilities, and pro cedures for your health 
insurance Policy. 
Expense  – The cost incurred for a Covered Service or supply.  An expense is considered 
incurred on the date that a service or supply is received.  A covered Expense does not include 
any charge: 
 For a service or supply that is determined to not be Medically Necessary by Hometown 
Health; 
 To the extent that the charge for a service or supply exceeds the lesser of the Usual and 
Customary charge or the applicable Medicare reimbursement rate for such service or 
supply; 
 That is more than the maximum allowed amount for a service or supply; or 