 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 69 OF 116 10. Certain medications specified by Hometown Health as Specialty Pharmaceuticals (see 
hometownhealth.com) ; 
11. Certain infertility laboratory and diagnostic tests; 
12. Anesthesiology and physiatry services, including pain management; 
13. Genetic counseling and testing;  
14. Second-opinion services; 
15. Air ambulance transportation; 
16. Non-Emergency transportation; 
17. Specialist office visits for plastic surgery and genetic counseling services; 
18. Outpatient speech, occupational and physical therapy greater than 20 visits per calendar 
year; 
19. Cardiac and pulmonary rehabilitation; 
20. Wound therapy in an outpatient setting; 
21. Chemotherapy; 
22. Radiation therapy; 
23. Infusion therapy; 
24. Ostomy supplies; 
25. Special food products 
26. Dialysis; and 
27. Hospice. 
We should be notified upon confirmation of pregnancy so we may better manage your benefits. 
You must comply and cooperate with the utilization management program.  Services that require 
prior-authorization are subject to all of the terms of your specific Policy. 
C. Approval and Prior Authorization Process 
In certain cases, as set forth below, in order for a benefit to be covered, you must receive a Prior 
Authorization for the service.  We use nationally recognized criteria and internal medical policy 
guidelines, as reviewed periodically by our Utilization Management and Quality Improvement 
Committee, as the standard measurement tool to determine whether benefits are approved and/or 
authorized. 
1. Hospital Admissions 
You are responsible for notifying us of a Hospital stay at least five business days before 
elective admission to a Hospital to ensure that it is covered.  Your Physician or other 
Provider may notify us but it is ultimately your responsibility to make sure we are 
notified.  We will review the Provider’s recommendation to determine  level of care and 
place of service.  If we deny authorization for Hospital admission as not covered or we 