 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 47 OF 116 a. Personal care, Custodial Care, Domiciliary Care, or homemaker services; 
b. In-home services provided by certified nurse aides or home health aides; 
c. Over-the-counter medical equipment, over-the-counter supplies, or any 
prescription drugs, except to the extent that they are covered elsewhere in this 
EOC or in a separately purchased Pharmacy rider. 
6. Hospice Services 
The following hospice care services are covered for Members with a life expectancy of 
six (6) months or less as certified by his or her Provider (limited to a lifetime benefit 
maximum of 185 days): 
a. Part-time intermittent home health or respite care services totaling fewer than 
eight (8) hours per day and thirty-five (35) or fewer hours per week. 
b. Outpatient counseling of the Member and his or her immediate family (limited to 
six (6) visits for all family members combined if they are not otherwise eligible 
for mental health benefits under their specific Policy).  Counseling must be 
provided by a psychiatrist, psychologist, or social worker.  Members who are 
eligible for mental health benefits under their specific Policy should refer to the 
applicable description of such benefits to determine coverage.  Medically 
Necessary mental health services may be covered under this policy in addition to 
the outpatient counseling benefits described above. 
c. Inpatient hospice care providing nursing care for a maximum of eight (8) inpatient 
days per calendar year.  Inpatient respite care will be authorized only when we 
determine that home respite care is not appropriate or practical. 
7. Kidney Dialysis Services 
Kidney dialysis services and related therapeutic services and supplies, (e.g., epogen) are 
not if covered by Medicare or other federal or state programs, other than the Medicaid 
program. 
8. Lab and Diagnostic Services 
Coverage is provided for Medically Necessary laboratory and diagnostic procedures, 
services, and materials, including: 
a. Diagnostic x-rays; 
b. Fluoroscopy; 
c. Ultrasounds; 
d. Electrocardiograms;  
e. Complex imaging and diagnostic services including Computer Tomography (CT, 
CTA), Positron Emission Tomography (PET), Magnetic Resonance Imagin g 
(MRI, MRA), Nuclear Medicine, Angiograms and Myelograms; and 
f. Laboratory tests. 
Coverage is also provided for other laboratory and diagnostic screenings as well as 
Physician services related to interpreting such tests. 