 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 54 OF 116 H. COVERED SERVICES UNDER THE PEDIATRIC VISION BENEFIT  
 
Eligibility for this benefit is limited to children between the age of 0 and 19 years and ends the 
first of the month after a member achieves his 19th birthday.  There is no coverage for an y 
member outside that age range. 
These benefits meet the requirements for the pediatric vision Essential Health Benefits for the 
State of Nevada. 
The benefits available under the Pediatric Vision Plan include an eye exam each calendar year at 
no cost to the member.  The plan also covers one set of lenses each calendar year and one set of 
frames from a formulary selection of pediatric frames each calendar year: 
1. For members not enrolled in an HDHP, at no cost to the member; or 
2. For members enrolled in an HDHP, subject to the combined Deductible, as provided in 
the Schedule of Benefits, and then at no additional cost. 
In lieu of eyeglasses, a contact lenses eye exam is covered once per calendar year with a choice 
by the member of: 
1. Standard (one pair annually) = 1 contact lens per eye (total 2 lenses) 
2. Monthly (six-month supply) = 6 lenses per eye (total 12 lenses); 
3. Bi-weekly (3 month supply) = 6 lenses per eye (total 12 lenses); or 
4. Dailies (one month supply) = 30 lenses per eye (total 60 lenses). 
Necessary contact lenses are covered in full for members who have specific conditions for which 
contact lenses provide better visual correction. 
This benefit is serviced by Vision Services Plan (VSP) who can be reached at (800) 877-7195 for 
Customer Service and coverage questions. 
 
I. COVERED SERVICES UNDER THE PEDIATRIC DENTAL BENEFITS (IF OFFERED ) 
 
If the plan in which you have enrolled includes “PD” at the end of the plan name, your Policy 
includes the pediatric dental Essential Health Benefits.  Your Schedule of Benefits includes 
information about this coverage if it is in the Benefit Plan that you have purchased.  Eligibility 
for this benefit is limited to children between the age of 0 and 19 years and ends the first of the 
month after a member achieves his 19th birthday.  There is no dental coverage for any member 
outside that age range. 
The dental benefits (if covered) include a separate Deductible and Out- of-Pocket Maximum.  
However, if you have reached the applicable Combined Out-of-Pocket Maximum listed in the 
Benefit Summary Table in your Schedule of Benefits, no further Cost Sharing is required.  The 
dental plan (if covered) provides coverage for preventive services including cleanings, fluoride 
treatments, sealants, space maintainers, dental examinations, bitewing x-rays and full mouth x-
rays with no Cost Sharing for the member if the services are received at a Participating Provider.  
Diagnostic and therapeutic services provided include dental examinations by dentists, screening 