 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 91 OF 116 XII. SUBROGATION / RIGHT TO REIMBURSEMENT  
 
We have subrogation and reimbursement rights in certain situations where a third party is 
responsible for causing your Illness or Injury or your dependents’ Illness or Injury .  This chapter 
explains our rights and your responsibilities in these circumstances and outlines how benefits are 
coordinated, how amounts recovered by us are allocated and how our rights are applied. 
A. Background 
Sometimes a third party is legally responsible for causing your Injury or Illness and/or an Injury 
or Illness of your dependents.  Often times, we pay for the Injury or Illness initially, even though 
the third party is responsible.  In these cases, we have a claim to subrogation and reimbursement 
from the third party. 
Subrogation and reimbursement can arise in different situations but a common example is when 
you or your dependent is Injured in an accident caused by a third party’s negligence .  If we pay 
medical benefits to such a Member and the Member recovers damages in a lawsuit against the 
third party who caused the accident, we have a right to be reimbursed for the medical expenses it 
paid out of the Member’s  financial recovery from the third party. 
Here are some examples of how our subrogation and reimbursement rights might work: 
1. Mr.  Smith is covered by this Policy.  Mr.  Smith’s car is rear -ended by Mr.  Jones and 
Mr.  Smith is injured and receives medical care.  We paid medical benefits of $25,000 for 
Mr.  Smith’s care .  Mr.  Smith then sues Mr.  Jones and recovers $50,000 in the lawsuit.  
Mr.  Smith is required to repay us the $25,000 we paid in medical expenses from the 
$50,000 he recovered in the lawsuit. 
2. Mr.  Smith is covered by this Policy.  Mr.  Smith’s car is rear -ended by Mr.  Jones and 
Mr.  Smith is injured and receives medical care.  We paid medical benefits of $25,000 for 
Mr.  Smith’s care .  Mr.  Smith then sues Mr.  Jones but recovers only $20,000 in the 
lawsuit.  Mr.  Smith is required to pay us the $20,000 he recovered in the lawsuit to 
reimburse us.  Mr.  Smith would not be responsible for paying us the additional $5,000 
because he did not recover those funds in the lawsuit. 
Our rights to subrogation and reimbursement apply regardless of whether a recovery in a lawsuit 
is designated by the parties as covering damages (such as property damage or pain and suffering) 
other than medical expenses.  An example of how this works is as follows: 
3. Mr.  Smith is covered by this Policy.  Mr.  Smith’s car is rear -ended by Mr.  Jones and 
Mr.  Smith is injured and receives medical care.  We paid medical benefits of $25,000 for 
Mr.  Smith’s care .  Mr.  Smith then sues Mr.  Jones and recovers $50,000 in an out-of- 
court settlement of the lawsuit.  In the settlement, the parties describe the settlement 
amount as covering only Mr.  Smith’s pain and suffering .  Despite the parties’ description 
of the payment in the settlement agreement, Mr.  Smith is required to repay us the 
$25,000 we paid in medical expenses from the $50,000 Mr.  Smith recovered through the 
settlement. 
In asserting subrogation and reimbursement rights, we seek to conserve its resources for the 
benefit of all Members and their dependents, impose the expense for Injuries or Illness on those 
responsible for causing them, and avoid unjust enrichment. 