 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 88 OF 116 1. The date of the divorce, legal separat ion, or an enrolled depende nt’s loss of eligibility as 
an enrol led dependent; 
2. The da te your enrolled dependent would lose cove rage under the Policy ; or 
3. The date on which you or your enrol led depende nt are informed of your o bligation to 
provide not ice and the pro cedures for providing such notice. 
You or your dependents must also notify your plan administrator when a qualifying event occurs 
that will extend continuation coverage. 
If you or your dependents fail to notify your plan administrator of these events within the 60-day 
period, your plan administrator is not obligated to provide continued coverage to the affected 
Qualified Beneficiary.  If you are continuing coverage under federal law, you must notify your 
plan administrator within 60 days of the birth or adoption of a child. 
Once you have notified your plan administrator, you will then be notified by mail of your 
election rights under COBRA. 
E. Notification Requirements for Disability Determination 
If you extend your COBRA coverage beyond 18 months because you are eligible for disability 
benefits from Social Security, you must provide your plan administrator with notice of the Social 
Security Administration’s determination within 60 days after you receive that d etermination, and 
before the end of your initial 18-month continuation period. 
The notice requirements will be satisfied by providing written notice to your plan administrator.  
The contents of the notice must be such that your plan administrator is able to determine the 
covered employee and Qualified Beneficiary(ies), the qualifying event or disability, and the date 
on which the qualifying event occurred. 
F. Trade Act of 2002 
The Trade Act of 2002 amended COBRA to provide for a special second 60-day COBRA 
election period for certain employees who have experienced a termination or reduction of hours 
and who lose group health plan coverage as a result.  The special second COBRA election period 
is available only to a very limited group of individuals: generally, those who are receiving trade 
adjustment assistance (TAA) or “alternative trade adjustment assistance” under a federal law 
called the Trade Act of 1974.  These employees are entitled to a second opportunity to elect 
COBRA coverage for themselves and certain family members (if they did not already elect 
COBRA coverage), but only within a limited period of 60 days from the first day of the month 
when an individual begins receiving TAA (or would be eligible to receive TAA but for the 
requirement that unemployment benefits be exhausted) and only during the six months 
immediately after their group health plan coverage ended. 
If you qualify or may qualify for assistance under the Trade Act of 1974, you should contact 
your plan administrator or your employer for additional information.  You must contact your 
plan administrator promptly after qualifying for assistance under the Trade Act of 1974 or you 
will lose your special COBRA rights.  COBRA coverage elected during the special second 
election period is not retroactive to the date that coverage under the Policy was lost, but begins 
on the first day of the special second election period. 