 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 33 OF 116 Medi cally Nece ssary immuni zations, bio logics, inj ectables, or other Special ty 
Pharmaceuticals, and contr aceptive diaphragms (one device per a 12-month period, 
unless oth erwise p rescribed by a participating P hysician) distributed, administered, or 
supplied by a Medical Pharmacy (except as described be low) are covered. 
Special ty Pharmaceuticals, which include injectables, oral medications, and medications 
given by other routes of delivery, may be delivered in any setting.  Special ty 
Pharmaceuticals are pharmaceuticals that typically have: 
a. A cost greater than $300 per dosage unit or per prescription; 
b. Limited access; 
c. Complicated treatment regimens; 
d. Compliance issues; 
e. Special storage requirements; or 
f. Manufacturer reporting requirements.   
We maintain and update a list of Special ty Pharmaceuticals at hometownhealth.com . 
Immunizations related to foreign travel or employment are excluded.  
17. Mental Health Services 
Medically Necessary mental health services provided by a doctor, clinical psychologist, 
clinical social worker, clinical nurse Specialist, nurse practitioner, Physician assistant, or 
other qualified mental health care Professional are covered according to the limits 
provided in the Schedule of Benefits. 
All outpatient partial hospitalization programs, partial residential treatment programs, and 
inpatient services for mental health require Prior Authorization.  Mental Health office 
visits that are not part of an alcohol or substance abuse program do not require Prior 
Authorization. 
This Benefit Plan provides all mental health and substance abuse benefits in accordance 
with the Mental Health Parity and Addition Equity Act of 2008.  
18. Newborns and Maternity Care 
Medically Necessary maternity services for pregnant Members are covered, including 
prenatal and postpartum care, related delivery room and ancillary services and newborn 
care.  Newborn care includes care and treatment of medically diagnosed congenital 
defects, birth abnormalities, or prematurity, and transportation costs of newborn to and 
from the nearest facility staffed and equipped to treat the newborn’s condition .  Newborn 
care is subject to the eligibility requirements as defined in this EOC. 
Hometown Health covers newborn and maternity care in a hospital for no less than 48 
hours for a normal vaginal delivery and no less than 96 hours for a cesarean section or as 
otherwise provided in the guidelines established by the American College of 
Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Academy of Pediatrics. 
Notwithstanding anything in this EOC to the contrary, a Member does not need Prior 
Authorization to obtain access to gynecological care from a Professional in our Network 