 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 81 OF 116 IX. INSURANCE PREMIUMS  
 
Premiums are the monthly charges the member must pay Hometown Health to establish and 
maintain coverage.  Think of Hometown Health as a pot.  Each Subscriber puts their monthly 
premiums into the pot.  Whenever you go to your doctor, we pull money out of the pot to pay 
your doctor. 
Our goal is to always ensure there is enough money in the pot to pay your doctor.  In fact, the 
Nevada Division of Insurance requires that we have a certain level of cash reserves available to 
pay claims. 
But predicting exactly how much to charge in premium isn’t easy .  We have to predict how much 
you and the rest of your fellow Members are going to utilize services in a given year, take into 
account the cost of new drugs and new technologies, predict shifts in provider usage based on 
changes to our provider contracts and much, much more. 
If we set the premiums too low, we lose money.  If we set premiums too high and make too 
much money, we are required to pay some of it back to Policy holders.  Even if we get the 
premiums just high enough to make a little bit of money, because we are Northern Nevada’s only 
non-profit health insurance company, any money that we make goes back into the community or 
assists us in keeping premiums as low as possible in the future. 
The rate setting process is highly regulated.  Every assumption that we make to create our 
premiums is reviewed and studied by the Nevada Division of Insurance.  If we have an 
assumption that doesn’t make sense, we are required to adjust the assumption and the resulting 
premiums.  The premiums aren’t approved until the Nevada Division of Insurance agrees that 
our assumptions are reasonable. 
Once we have established premiums, Hometown Health will notify your employer.  Your 
employer will establish an amount to be paid by the employer and the amount to be paid by each 
employee. 
D. How and When to Pay Premiums 
Generally, the portion of the premium paid by employees is paid through payroll deductions, but 
each employer is different and the method of payment varies by employer. 
In certain circumstances, you find yourself in a period of Leave Without Pay, Family Medical 
Leave Act (FLMA) leave or other unpaid leave status.  When you are still an employee in these 
unpaid periods of leave and you still qualify for health insurance coverage, you may be required 
to pay for a portion or all of your health insurance.  Because this is a group policy, you will be 
required to pay your portion of the premium directly to your employer by the due date indicated 
by your employer.  If you do not pay your employer by the due date, your coverage may be 
terminated retroactively to the last date of the period for which premium has been paid in full.  
Hometown Health will not pay for any services provided to members on or after the date of 
termination.  All claims paid after termination will be retroactively adjusted.   
A. Refunds 
If your coverage is terminated, Premiums that we receive for coverage applicable to periods after 
the date of termination will be refunded to your employer within 30 days, less any medical costs 