 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 108 OF 116 8. Compliance with Law 
In all circumstances, our internal claims and appeals process will initially incorporate the 
internal and external claims and appeals procedures (including urgent claims) set forth in 
regulation18 and will update such process in accordance with any applicable standards 
established by the U.S.  Department of the Treasury, U.S.  Department of Labor, the U.S.  
Department of Health and Human Services. 
C. External Review 
1. Submitting Claims for External Review 
If, upon our review, either first or second level (if you chose to pursue a 2nd level appeal) 
we deny your claim for benefits and you disagree with our decision, you or your 
authorized representative may submit your claim to the external review process described 
below.  This step is not mandatory.  The external review process is only available for an 
adverse benefit determination in which we determine that an admission, availability of 
care, continued stay, or other health care service that is covered under this Policy has 
been reviewed and, based on the information provided, does not meet our requirements 
for medical necessity, appropriateness, health care setting, level of care, or effectiveness, 
and the requested service is therefore denied, reduced or terminated. 
In most circumstances, before you may submit your claim to the external review process, 
you must exhaust the portions of our internal claims procedure that are not voluntary.  In 
certain circumstances, however, you may receive an expedited external review (as 
described below).  Also, if we do not provide you with a written decision on your claim 
(except in the case of a retrospective review determination) within 30 days from the date 
your claim for benefits was filed, you may not have to exhaust the internal claims process 
before filing a request for external review. 
Within four (4) months of the date you receive an adverse benefit determination or final 
adverse benefit determination, you or your authorized representative may file a request 
for external review by contacting the Nevada Office for Consumer Health Assistance 
(OCHA) toll free at 888-333-1597. 
2. Expedited External Review 
You or your authorized representative may make a written or oral request for an 
expedited external review if you have received an adverse benefit determination of an 
Urgent Care claim and: 
a. You have a medical condition where the time for completing the internal review 
process would seriously jeopardize your life, health, or ability to regain maximum 
function; and 
b. You have filed a request for an expedited internal appeal. 
                                                 
18 26 CFR § 54.9815-2719T  – Internal claims and appeals and external review processes; 29 CFR § 2560.503-1  – 
Claims procedure; 29 CFR § 2590.715-2719  – Internal claims and appeals and external review processes; 45 CFR § 
147.136  – Internal claims and appeals and external review processes 