 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 9 OF 116  That is not a Covered Service under this Policy. 
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Approved  – Drugs, medications, and biological agent s 
that have been approved by the FDA and listed in the United States Pharmacopoeia, the 
American MA Drug Evaluations, or the American Hospital Formulary. 
Group  – An employer or other party that has entered into a Group Subscription Agreement with 
us under which we will arrange and administer health services under this Policy for 
Members. 
Group Subscription Agreement  – The legal agreement between your employer and Hometown 
Health which allows you and your fellow employees to be covered under a group health plan 
in return for Premium payment.  The Group Subscription Agreement provides for the term of 
coverage, employer specific eligibility rules and other items. 
High Deductible Health Plan (HDHP)  – A plan as described in IRS Publication 969 and IRS 
Revenue Procedure 2017-37, or its successor, in which the plan cannot pay for any benefits, 
except for preventive care benefits prior to the individual and family meeting the minimum 
Deductible limit as defined by the IRS (additional requirements apply).  As such, taxpayers 
enrolled in this Benefit Plan may be eligible to make pre-tax contributions to their qualified 
Health Savings Account (HSA).  If your plan has “HSA” in its name, the plan qualifies as an 
HDHP under all IRS requirements.  Contact your tax professional for more details. 
Hospital  – A legally operated facility defined as an Acute care or Tertiary Care Hospital that is 
licensed by the state and may be approved by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of 
Healthcare Organizations (Joint Commission or JCAHO), the American Osteopathic 
Association (AOA) or by Medicare. 
Illness  or Injury  – A disorder or disease of the body or mind or an accidental bodily wound.  All 
illnesses due to the same cause or to a related cause are considered one illness. 
In-Network  – The receipt of Covered Services or benefits from a Preferred Provider.  Except for 
Emergency room visits, Urgent Care Center visits received Out-of-Area, or as otherwise 
approved by Hometown Health in advance all services received from Non-Preferred 
Providers will be paid at the Out-of-Network rate. 
 Network limitation for Members who live or work in the State of Nevada  - Members who 
live or work in the State of Nevada may only receive services from Hometown Health and 
OneHealth network Providers at the Preferred Provider In-Network rate.  Except for 
Emergency room visits, Urgent Care Center visits received Out- of-Area, or as otherwise 
approved by Hometown Health in advance, our national network Providers will be 
considered Out-of-Network for Members who live or work in the State of Nevada . 
 Non-Nevada employees - Members who live and work outside the State of Nevada may 
receive services from both Hometown Health Nevada network Providers and our national 
network Providers at the Preferred Provider In-Network rate. 
Licensed Area  – The geographic area in which Hometown Health can provide health insurance.  
The Licensed Area generally defines the geographic area in which Preferred Providers are 
located, though not all Providers within the Licensed Area are Preferred Providers and 
Preferred Providers may be located outside the Licensed Area.  The Licensed Area may be 
larger than the Geographic Service Area for a specific Benefit Plan.  Hometown Health has a 
license to provide benefit plans throughout the State of Nevada. 