 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 21 OF 116 9. Inmates – If you are an inmate of a correctional institution or under the custody of a law 
enforcement official, we may release medical information about you to the correctional 
institution or law enforcement official.  This release would be necessary: 
a. For the institution to provide you with healthcare; 
b. To protect your health and safety or the health and safety of others; or 
c. For the safety and security of the correctional institution. 
10. Reporting Victims of Abuse, Neglect or Domestic Violence – Government authorities 
that are authorized by law to receive such information including a social service or 
protective service agency will be contacted.  
11. Workers’ Compensation –  As authorized by or to the extent necessary to comply with 
state workers compensation laws that govern job-related injuries or illnesses. 
12. Data Breach Notification Purposes – We may use your contact information to provide 
legally-required notices of unauthorized acquisition, access or disclosure of your health 
information.  We may send notice directly to you or provide notice to delegated entities.   
13. Additional Restrictions on Use and Disclosur e – Certain federal and state laws may 
require special privacy protections that restrict the use and disclosure of certain health 
information, including highly confidential information about you.  “Highly confidential 
information” may include confidential information under Federal laws governing alcohol 
and drug abuse information and genetic information as well as state laws that often 
protect information related to the following conditions: HIV/AIDS; Mental Health; 
Genetic Tests; Alcohol and Drug Abuse; Sexually transmitted diseases and reproductive 
health information; and child or adult abuse or neglect, including sexual assault. 
G. Medical Information of Former Members of Hometown Health 
Hometown Health does not destroy the medical information of individuals who terminate their 
coverage with us.  The information is necessary and is used for many purposes described above, 
even after an individual leaves a plan, and in many cases is subject to legal retention 
requirements.  The practices and procedures that protect that information against inappropriate 
use or disclosure, however, apply regardless of the status of any individual Member. 
H. Your Rights Regarding Medical Information About You 
You have the following rights regarding medical information we maintain about you: 
1. Right to Inspect and Copy 
a. You have the right to inspect and copy medical information that may be used to 
make decisions about your healthcare benefits.  Usually, this includes benefits, 
eligibility and claims records, but may not include some mental health 
information. 
b. To inspect and copy medical information that may be used to make decisions 
about you, you must submit your request in writing to Hometown Health 
Customer Services, 10315 Professional Circle, Reno, NV 89521.  If you request a 
copy of the information, we may charge a fee for the costs of copying, mailing or 
other supplies associated with your request. 