 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 60 OF 116 mercury, or lead poisoning; orthomolecular substances; use of substance of animal, 
vegetable, chemical or mineral origin not FDA-Approved as effective for such treatment; 
electrodiagnosis; Hahnemannian dilution and succussion; prolotherapy, magnetically 
energized geometric patterns, replacement of metal dental fillings, laetrile, and gerovital. 
35. Charges for the fitting and cost of visual aids, vision therapy, eye therapy, orthoptics with 
eye exercise therapies, refractive errors including but not limited to eye exams and 
surgery done in treating myopia (except for corneal graft), ophthalmological services 
provided in connection with the testing of visual acuity for the fitting for eyeglasses or 
contact lenses, eyeglasses or contact lenses (except coverage for the first pair of 
eyeglasses or contact lenses following cataract surgery) and surgical correction of near or 
far vision inefficiencies such as laser and radial keratotomy are excluded, except as 
otherwise specified in this EOC and your Schedule of Benefits. 
36. Orthotic braces that straighten or change the shape of a body part are excluded. 
37. Cranial helmets are excluded except for cranial helmets used to facilitate a successful 
post-surgical outcome. 
38. Orthopedic shoes, foot orthotics or other supportive devices of the feet are excluded, 
except when such devices are: 
a. An integral part of a covered leg brace and its expense is included as part of the 
cost of the brace: 
b. For diabetes mellitus and for foot deformity, history of pre-ulcerative calluses, 
history of previous ulceration, periphal neuropathy with evidence of callus 
formation, poor circulation or previous amputation of the foot or part of the foot: 
c. For rehabilitation prescribed as part of post-surgical or post-traumatic casting 
care; or 
d. Prosthetic shoes for members with a partial foot. 
39. Over-the-counter support hose or compression socks are excluded even if ordered by a 
Physician.  Custom hose that must be measured and made specifically for the patient will 
be covered only for the treatment of burns or lymphedema. 
40. Modifications to vehicles, the purchase of medical vehicles or ambulances and the 
purchase of vehicles with or without lifts or other modifications are excluded.  
41. Physician services, supplies, and equipment relating to the administration or monitoring 
of a prescription drug are excluded unless the prescription drug is a Covered Service. 
42. Barrier-free and other home modifications are excluded. 
43. Services provided by personal trainers or gym or health club memberships, exercise 
programs, or exercise physiologists are excluded, even if recommended by a Professional 
to treat a medical condition. 
44. Care or treatment of marital or family problems, occupational, religious, or other social 
maladjustments, behavior disorders, situational reactions, and hypnotherapy is excluded. 
45. Religious or spiritual counseling is excluded. 
46. Stress reduction therapy or cognitive behavior therapy for sleep disorders is excluded. 