 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 65 OF 116 7. The contracted reimbursement rate for participating pharmacies does not include amounts 
that Hometown Health may receive under a rebate programs offered at the sole discretion 
of individual pharmaceutical manufacturers. 
 
C. PEDIATRIC VISION PLAN  EXCLUSIONS  
 
The following services and benefits are excluded from pediatric vision coverage under this 
Benefit Plan.  They may be covered under the medical, pharmacy or pediatric dental (if offered) 
benefits that may be included in this Benefit Plan if explicitly indicated that the benefit is 
covered. 
1. Two pairs of glasses instead of Bifocals are excluded. 
2. Replacements of lenses, frames, or contacts are excluded. 
3. Surgical or Medical Treatment is excluded. 
4. Orthoptics, vision training and supplemental testing are excluded. 
5. Contact lens insurance policies or service agreements are excluded. 
6. Artistically painted or non-prescription lenses are excluded. 
7. Additional office visits for contact lens pathology are excluded. 
8. Contact lens modification, polishing or cleaning are excluded. 
 
D. PEDIATRIC DENTAL BENEFIT EXCLUSIONS (IF OFFERED )- 
 
The following services and benefits are excluded from pediatric dental coverage (if offered) 
under this Benefit Plan.  They may be covered under the medical, pharmacy or pediatric vision 
benefits that may be included in this Benefit Plan if explicitly indicated that the benefit is 
covered. 
1. Services not Medically Necessary or not required in accordance with accepted standards 
of dental practice or applicable law are excluded. 
2. Services and treatment not prescribed by or under the direct supervision of a dentist, 
except in those states where dental hygienists are permitted to practice without 
supervision by a dentist are excluded.  In these states, Hometown Health will pay for 
eligible covered services provided by an authorized dental hygienist performing within 
the scope of his or her license and applicable state law. 
3. Services and treatment received from a dental or medical department maintained by or on 
behalf of an employer, mutual benefit association, labor union, trust, VA Hospital or 
similar person or group are excluded. 
4. Telephone consultations are excluded. 
5. Any charges for failure to keep a scheduled appointment are excluded. 
6. Any services that are considered strictly cosmetic in nature including, but not limited to, 
charges for personalization or characterization of prosthetic appliances are excluded. 