 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 100 OF 116 XIV. MEDICARE COORDINATION OF BENEFITS  
 
Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the benefits under this Policy for Members 
otherwise covered by Medicare, do not duplicate any benefit to which such Members are entitled 
to Medicare, including Medicare Parts B and D.   
 
If you are age 65 or older, entitled to benefits under Medicare, and work for an employer that did 
not employ 20 or more employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in 
the current or preceding calendar year, then Medicare is the primary payer for you and your 
spouse.  The benefits of this Policy will then be the secondary form of coverage. 
If you or your spouse are age 65 or older, entitled to benefits under Medicare, and work for an 
employer that employed 20 or more employees for each working day in each of 20 or more 
calendar weeks in the current or preceding calendar year, the following rules apply: 
1. This Policy is primary payer for any person age 65 or older who is an active employee or 
the spouse (if your employer offers coverage to spouses) of an active employee of any 
age. 
2. You may decline coverage under the Group contract and elect Medicare as the primary 
form of coverage.  If you elect Medicare as the primary form of coverage, the Policy, by 
law, cannot pay benefits secondary to Medicare for Medicare-covered Members.  
However, your will continue to be covered by the Policy as primary unless: 
a. We are notified in writing, that you do not want benefits under the Policy; or 
b. You otherwise cease to be eligible for coverage under the Policy. 
A. Disability 
If you are under age 65, have current employment status with an employer with fewer than 100 
employees, and become disabled and entitled to benefits under Medicare due to such disability, 
then Medicare will be primary for you and this Policy will be the secondary form of coverage. 
If you are under age 65, have current employment status with an employer with at least 100 
employees, and you become disabled and entitled to benefits under Medicare due to such 
disability (other than ESRD, as discussed below) this Policy will be primary for you and 
Medicare will be the secondary form of coverage. 
B. End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) 
This Policy will remain primary for the first 30 months of your eligibility or entitlement to 
Medicare due to end stage renal disease.  However, if this Policy is currently paying benefits as 
secondary to Medicare for you, this Policy will remain secondary upon your entitlement to 
Medicare due to ESRD. 
  