 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 14 OF 116 B. PHARMACY BENEFIT DEFINITIONS  
 
Specific terms related to pharmacy benefits that may be used throughout his EOC and to the 
applicable Schedule of Benefits are defined as follows.   
 
Ancillary Charge  – An additional cost-sharing charge borne by the member and calculated as the 
difference between the contracted reimbursement rate for participating pharmacies for the 
medication dispensed and the generic-drug product equivalent.  Ancillary Charges do not 
apply toward your Deductible or Out-of-Pocket Maximum. 
Brand-Name Prescription Drug  or Brand Drug  – A Prescription Drug, including insulin, 
typically protected under patent by the drug’s original manufacturer or developer with a 
proprietary trademarked name. 
Diabetic Services  – Products for the management and treatment of diabetes, including infusion 
pumps and related supplies, medication, equipment, supplies and appliances for the treatment 
of diabetes. 
Drug Formulary  – A comprehensive list of brand-name and generic prescription drugs, 
approved by the U.S.  Food and Drug Administration (FDA), covered under this Benefit 
Plan.  The medications covered under this formulary may be substantially different from 
other Hometown Health drug formularies for its commercial and Medicare Advantage 
formularies. 
Formulary D rug – A Brand Drug or Generic Drug included in the Drug Formulary. 
Generic Prescription Drug  or Generic Drug  – A prescription drug, whether identified by its 
chemical, proprietary or nonproprietary name, that is accepted by the FDA as therapeutically 
equivalent and interchangeable with a drug having an identical amount of the same active 
ingredient(s) in the same proportions, that have the same information printed on the label and 
that perform in the same manner as the trademarked, brand-name version of the drug 
 Injectable Drug  – A prescription drug dispensed from a pharmacy (including combination 
therapy kits) that are injected directly into the body by the member or the member’s 
physician. 
Maximum Allowed Amount  – The lowest available cost to Hometown Health for a generic drug, 
a prescription drug product or a brand drug without a generic drug equivalent available at the 
time a prescription is filled.   
Non-Covered Drug  – A drug not listed in the Drug Formulary.  There is no coverage for drugs 
that are not listed in the Hometown Health Drug Formulary. 
Non-Formulary Drug  – A drug not listed in the Drug Formulary that has either a generic or a 
brand alternative drug that is listed in the Drug Formulary.  There is no coverage for drugs 
that are not listed in the Hometown Health Drug Formulary. 
Non-Participating Pharmacy  – A Pharmacy with which Hometown Health is not contracted to 
provide discounted covered prescription drug products to its members. 
Participating Retail Pharmacy  – A pharmacy with which Hometown Health, or PBM is 
contracted to provide discounted prescription drugs to its members. 