 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 87 OF 116 You b ecome entit led to Medi care N/A See table below See table below 
Your e mployer files for bankruptcy 36 months 36 months 36 months 
B. How Your Medicare Eligibility Affects Dependent COBRA Coverage 
The table below outlines how your eligible dependents’ COBRA coverage is impacted if you 
become entitled to Medicare. 
If Depe ndent Coverage E nds Whe n: You May El ect COBRA Depe ndent 
Coverage For UP To:  
You b ecome entit led to Medic are and you don ’t 
experience any additional qualifying events 18 months 
You b ecome entit led to Medicare, a fter which 
you experience a second qualifying event* 
before the init ial 18-month period expires 36 months 
You experience a qualifying event*, afte r which 
you b ecome entit led to Medi care be fore the 
initial 18- month period expires and, if absent 
this init ial qualifying event, your Medicare 
entitlement would have resulted in loss of 
dependent co verage under the P lan 36 months 
* Your work hours are reduced or your employment is terminated for reasons other than gross 
misconduct. 
C. Getting Started 
You will be notified by mail if you become eligible for COBRA coverage as a result of a 
reduction in work hours or termination of employment.  The notification will give you 
instructions for electing COBRA coverage, and advise you of the monthly cost.  Your monthly 
cost is the full Premium (without employer subsidy), plus a 2% administrative fee and other cost 
as permitted by law.  The notice will provide information on where to send your election forms 
and Premium payments. 
You will have up to 60 days from the date you receive notification or 60 days from the date your 
coverage ends to elect COBRA coverage, whichever is later.  You will have 45 days from the 
day you elect COBRA coverage to pay the cost of your COBRA coverage, retroactive to the date 
your coverage under the Policy otherwise would have ended. 
While you are covered under the Policy through COBRA, you have the right to change your 
coverage election under certain circumstances. 
D. Notification Requirements 
If your covered dependents lose coverage due to divorce, legal separation, or loss of dependent 
status, you or your dependents must notify your plan administrator within 60 days of the latest 
of: 