 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 71 OF 116 authorization.  We use nationally recognized criteria and internal medical policy guidelines as 
the standard measurement tool for this process for Acute care facilities.  We also use nationally 
recognized criteria as the standard assessment tool for skilled nursing facilities, rehabilitation 
facilities and mental health and substance abuse facilities and programs. 
Case management is a service provided by us to coordinate all services or alternate methods of 
medical care or treatment that may be used in replacement of or in combination with Hospital 
confinement.  Our case managers will work in coordination with the attending Physician or other 
Professionals and community resources to develop a plan of treatment per the benefit level of 
this Policy.  Discharge planning may be initiated at any stage of the process, and begins 
immediately upon identification of post discharge needs during Prior Authorization or concurrent 
review. 
E. Retrospective Review 
We evaluate the medical records of those Members whose medical treatment or Hospital stay 
was not reviewed under authorization, Prior Authorization, or concurrent review as described 
above. 
We will pay benefits only for those days or treatment that would have been authorized under the 
utilization management program. 
F. Second Opinions 
We will authorize a second opinion upon your request in accordance with the terms of your 
specific Policy.  Examples of instances where a second opinion may be appropriate include: 
1. Your Physician has recommended a procedure and you are unsure whether the procedure 
is necessary or reasonable; 
2. You have questions about a diagnosis or plan of care for a condition that threatens 
substantial impairment or loss of life, limb, or bodily functions; 
3. You are unclear about the clinical indications about your condition; 
4. A diagnosis is in doubt due to conflicting test results; 
5. Your Physician is unable to diagnose your condition; and 
6. A treatment plan in progress is not improving your medical condition within a reasonable 
period of time.  