 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 37 OF 116 b. Routine gynecologic examination (one per calendar year), including annual 
cytologic screening test (Pap smear) for women 18 years of age or older, pelvic 
examination, urinalysis, and breast examination; 
c. Screening mammograms including an initial baseline mammogram for female 
Members 35 –39 and annually for women 40 years of age or older; 
d. Well-baby care, including immunizations in accordance with the American 
Academy of Pediatrics; 
e. Colorectal cancer screening starting at age 50 years and continuing until age 75 years 
in accordance with: 
i. The guidelines concerning such screening that are published by the 
American Cancer Society; or 
ii. Other guidelines or reports concerning such screening that are published 
by nationally recognized professional organizations and that include 
current or prevailing supporting scientific data; 
f. Immunizations, including influenza, pneumococcal, haemophilus influenza B, 
hepatitis A, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, rubella, measles, diphtheria, human 
papillomavirus (HPV), pertussis (whooping cough), poliovirus, rotavirus, 
varicella (chickenpox), shingles (herpes zoster) and tetanus, if such 
immunizations have in effect a recommendation from the Advisory Committee on 
Immunization Practices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention with 
respect to the individual involved; 
g. Hearing and vision screening for children through age 17 to determine the need 
for hearing and vision correction; 
h. Evidence-based items or services that have a n “A” or “B” Recommendation of the 
United States Preventive Services Task Force, provided that the recommendation 
does not conflict with a more recent “A” or “B” Recommendation of the United 
States Preventive Services Task Force; 
i. With respect to infants, children, and adolescents, evidence-informed preventive 
care and screenings provided for in comprehensive guidelines supported by the 
Health Resources and Services Administration of the U.S.  Department of Health 
and Human Services; and 
j. With respect to women, such additional preventive care and screenings not 
described under this section as provided for in comprehensive guidelines 
supported by the Health Resources and Services Administration of the U.S.  
Department of Health and Human Services. 
For more information see: http://doi.nv.gov/Healthcare-Reform/Individuals-
Families/Preventive-Care/  
25. Radiation Therapy 
Medically Necessary Professional services related to radiation therapy are covered. 
 