 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 83 OF 116 X. TERMINATION  
 
This Policy is guaranteed issue and guaranteed renewable.  Your coverage cannot be denied or 
terminated due to your age, health status, economic status, h ealth care needs, or prospective 
health care costs.  However, there are some circumstances which may result in the termination of 
your coverage under this Policy. 
A. Termination Events 
Coverage for a Member ends on the first occasion of any of the following events: 
1. Death of the Subscriber.  Coverage for all dependents ends on the last day of the month 
in which the Subscriber dies, assuming payment was provided to Hometown Health in 
full for the premium month.  Dependents will have the option to enroll in any individual 
and family Hometown Health plan for which they are eligible effective the first of the 
following month as provided in Chapter VIII – Eligibility and Enrollment.  Dependents 
may also be eligible to continue coverage under this plan under federal COBRA 
continuation of coverage provisions if this plan is offered by the Subscriber’s employer 
and the employer has 20 or more employees. 
2. Fraud or material misrepresentation.  Any act, practice, or omission that constitutes fraud 
or an intentional misrepresentation of material fact could result in termination or 
rescission of the Subscriber’s and all dependent’s coverage.  See section B – Termination 
for Cause and Rescission below. 
3. Request to terminate.  When Hometown Health receives request to cancel coverage for 
any member, coverage will end pursuant to the provisions in the Group Subscription 
Agreement. 
4. Group Subscription Agreement is cancelled or terminated.  If the Group Subscription 
Agreement is cancelled or terminated for any reason, coverage will terminate pursuant to 
the termination provisions provided in the Group Subscription Agreement. 
5. Loss of eligibility.  Subject to the provisions outlined under the individual conversion 
privilege and transfer section, your coverage will terminate on the last day of the month 
on which eligibility ceased, for any reason, or on the date of event as determined by the 
Group Subscription Agreement.  This provision also applies to your dependents. 
6. Hometown Health ceases to operate.  In the unlikely event that Hometown Health ceases 
to operate, Hometown Health will meet all regulations that require for payment for 
services re ndered during the insured’s coverage period for which premiums had already 
been paid. 
B. Termination for Cause and Rescission 
If you perform an act, practice, or omission that constitutes fraud or make an intentional 
misrepresentation of material fact in connection with your coverage, we may retroactively 
terminate your coverage.  This is known as rescission.  Your coverage and your dependents’ 
coverage can be terminated or rescinded if there is any evidence of the following actions: 