 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 67 OF 116 28. Replacement of dentures that have been lost, stolen or misplaced is excluded. 
29. Orthodontic care for dependent children age 19 and over is excluded. 
30. Repair of damaged orthodontic appliances is excluded. 
31. Replacement of lost or missing appliances is excluded. 
32. Fabrication of athletic mouth guard is excluded. 
33. Internal and external bleaching is excluded. 
34. Oral sedation is excluded. 
35. Topical medicament center is excluded. 
36. Bone grafts are excluded when done in connection with extractions, apicoetomies or non-
covered/non-eligible implants. 
37. When two or more services are submitted and the services are considered part of the 
same service to one another the Plan will pay the most comprehensive service (the 
service that includes the other non-benefited service). 
38. When two or more services are submitted on the same day and the services are 
considered mutually exclusive (when one service contradicts the need for the other 
service), the Plan will pay for the service that represents the final treatment as determined 
by Hometown Health or its delegate. 
39. Costs for Out-of-Network Covered Services that exceed the Allowed Amount are 
excluded. 
 
E. OVERALL LIMITATIONS  
 
If the provision of Covered Services provided under this Policy is delayed or rendered 
impractical due to circumstances not within our control, including but not limited to a major 
disaster, epidemic, the complete or partial destruction of facilities, riot, civil insurrection, 
disability of a significant part of our Providers’ personnel, or similar causes, we will make a 
good faith effort to arrange for an alternative method of providing coverage.  In such event, we 
and our Providers will render the Covered Services provided under this Policy insofar as 
practical and according to their best judgment; but we and our Providers shall incur no liability 
or obligation for delay, or failure to provide or arrange for services if such failure or delay is 
caused by such an event.  