 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 41 OF 116 and provider office services for the diagnosis, crisis intervention and treatment of severe 
mental illness conditions and substance abuse conditions as noted in the Schedule of 
Benefits.  Inpatient services must be provided by a licensed Hospital, psychiatric 
Hospital, alcoholism treatment center, or residential treatment center.  
The member should contact Hometown Health to determine medical necessity, 
appropriate treatment level and appropriate setting.  Inpatient services are subject to Prior 
Authorization notification guidelines to avoid potential penalties related to non-
notification of services. 
Hometown Health must be notified for all Emergency admissions by the next business 
day unless the member is unable to do so. 
Medically Necessary care at a skilled nursing facility for non-Custodial Care is covered 
(limited to 100 days per calendar year).  A skilled nursing facility is a facility that is duly 
licensed by the state and/or federal government and that provides inpatient skilled nursing 
care, rehabilitation services, or other related health services that are not custodial or 
convenience in nature.  Skilled nursing care includes Medically Necessary services that 
are considered by Medicare to be eligible for Medicare coverage as meeting a skilled 
need and that can only be performed by, or under the supervision of, a licensed or 
registered nurse.  Hometown Health does not cover skilled nursing care that is not 
covered by CMS.  Prior care in a Hospital is not required before being eligible for 
coverage for care in a skilled nursing facility. 
2. Outpatient Care 
Medically Necessary outpatient Hospital or outpatient surgical center care is covered.  
Services furnished in a Hospital’s or outpatient surgical center premises are cov ered, 
including use of a bed and periodic monitoring by a Hospital’s nursing or other staff that 
are Medically Necessary to evaluate an outpatient’s condition or determine the need for a 
possible admission to the Hospital.  If a Hospital intends to keep a patient in observation 
status for more than 48 hours, observation status will become an inpatient admission for 
administration of benefits.   
All coverage for the following benefits are dependent upon the coverage described in the 
Schedule of Benefits for each plan, particularly with regard to mental health and 
substance abuse services. 
Outpatient services include, but are not limited to: 
a. Services for medical conditions treated in an Acute care Hospital outpatient 
environment; 
b. Semi-private room and board (private room when Medically Necessary) if patient 
is in observation status; 
c. General nursing care facilities, services, and supplies on an outpatient basis; 
d. Diagnostic services that are provided in a facility, whether such facility is a 
Hospital or a freestanding facility; 