 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 106 OF 116 manner, we will deem your appeal waived with respect to the adverse benefit 
determination to which the appeal relates. 
The formal appeal must contain, at least: 
a. Your name (or name of you and your authorized representative), address, and 
telephone number; 
b. Your membership number; and 
c. A brief statement of the nature of the matter, the reason(s) for the appeal, and why 
you feel that the adverse benefit determination was wrong. 
Additionally, y ou may submit any supporting medical records, Physicians’ letters, or 
other information that explains why we should cover the claim for benefits. 
You can ask for an expedited appeal of an Urgent Care claim.  Expedited appeals are not 
available for appeals regarding post-service claims. 
If your Physician requests an expedited appeal, or supports your request for an expedited 
appeal, and indicates that waiting for 15 days could seriously harm your health or subject 
you to unmanageable severe pain, we will automatically grant an expedited appeal. 
If you submit a request for an expedited appeal without the support of your Physician, we 
will decide whether your health requires an expedited appeal.  If we do not grant an 
expedited appeal, we will provide a decision within 15 days, subject to the above. 
We will review your appeal.  The review will be made by an individual who is neither the 
individual who made the initial adverse benefit determination nor the subordinate of such 
individual and will not afford deference to such adverse benefit determination. 
When the review is complete, we will inform you in writing of the resolution no later 
than: 
a. 72 hours, in the case of an expedited appeal; 
b. 15 days, in the case of an appeal of a pre-service claim; or 
c. 20 days, in the case of an appeal of a post-service claim. 
Limited extensions may be required if additional information is required. 
If the proposed resolution to the 1st level formal appeal is not acceptable to you, you are 
entitled to file a 2nd level formal appeal or proceed directly to external review.  We will 
inform you of this right at the time we inform you of the resolution of your 1st level 
formal appeal. 
You may receive, free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents and 
records and other information in our possession relevant to the adverse benefit 
determination including, but not limited to, any applicable internal rule or guideline of 
ours on which we relied in making the adverse benefit determination and, if the adverse 
benefit determination related to medical necessity, a statement of the scientific or clinical 
judgment for the determination applying the terms of the EOC to your medical 
circumstances. 
 