 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 111 OF 116 3. Do not understand why a request for coverage of a health care service or treatment was 
denied; 
4. Cannot find the applicable provision in your EOC or Certificate of Coverage; 
5. Want a copy (free of charge) of the guideline, criteria or clinical rationale that we used to 
make our decision; or 
6. Disagree with the denial or the amount not covered and you want to appeal. 
If your claim was denied due to missing or incomplete information, you or your health care 
provider may resubmit the claim to us with the necessary information to complete the claim. 
1. Appeals 
All appeals for claim denials (or any decision that does not cover expenses you believe 
should have been covered) must be sent to 10315 Professional Circle, Reno, NV 89521 
within 180 days of the date you receive our denial.  We will provide a full and fair review 
of your claim by individuals associated with us, but who were not involved in making the 
initial denial of your claim.  You may provide us with additional information that relates 
to your claim and you may request copies of information that we have that pertains to 
your claims.  We will notify you of our decision in writing within 30 days of receiving 
your appeal.  If you do not receive our decision within 30 days of receiving your appeal, 
you are entitled to file a request for external review. 
2. External Review 
If we have denied your request for the provision of or payment for a health care service 
or course of treatment, you may have a right to have our decision reviewed by 
independent health care professionals who have no association with us if our decision 
involved making a judgment as to the medical necessity, appropriateness, health car e 
setting, level of care or effectiveness of the health care service or treatment you requested 
by submitting a request for external review within 4 months after receipt of this notice to: 
Office for Consumer Health Assistance 
555 East Washington #4800 
Las Vegas NV 89101 
(702) 486-3587 (office) 
(888) 333-1597 (toll free) 
(702) 486-3586 (fax) 
http://dhhs.nv.gov/Programs/CHA/  
For standard external review, a decision will be made within 45 days of receiving your 
request.  If you have a medical condition that would seriously jeopardize your life or 
health or would jeopardize your ability to regain maximum function if treatment is 
delayed, you may be entitled to request an expedited external review of our denial.  If our 
denial to provide or pay for health care service or course of treatment is based on a 
determination that the service or treatment is experimental or investigational, you also 
may be entitled to file a request for external review of our denial.  For details, please 
review this EOC or Certificate of Coverage, contact us, the Office for Consumer Health 
Assistance or contact the Nevada Division of Insurance. 