 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 96 OF 116 XIII.  COORDINATION OF BENEFITS  
 
This section explains how other health benefit plans and/or insurance you may have affect your 
coverage under this Policy.  Coordination of Benefits (COB) is a process by which other 
insurers, benefit plan sponsors or other programs that provide health care services (such as 
Medicare), may be responsible for claims payment either as the primary or secondary carrier.  
The plans that apply to the Coordination of Benefits Provision for this Policy include group 
insurance, hospital, surgical, medical or major medical benefits provided by individual or family-
type coverage, government programs or workers’ compensation.  
Some plans are excluded from COB for this individual plan by statute.  These include group 
insurance, automobile medical payments or third-party liability coverage. 
A. The Purpose of Coordination of Benefits 
Many people have health coverage provided by more than one plan at the same time.  Each plan 
has rules for coordination of benefits if there is double coverage to prevent the total amount of all 
their benefit payments from exceeding the allowable cost of the Covered Services.  This 
coordination of benefits provision helps to contain the cost of health care coverage. 
B. Benefits Subject to Coordination of Benefits 
All the health benefits provided in this EOC are subject to this section.  You agree to permit us to 
coordinate its obligations under this Policy with payments under any other eligible plan that 
covers you.  All provisions of this EOC, including but not limited to the use of Participating 
Providers and Prior Authorization requirements continue to apply whether this Policy is primary 
or secondary. 
C. Definitions 
Some of the words used in this section have a special meaning to meet the needs of this section.  
These words and their meanings when used in this section are: 
Allowable Expense  – 100 percent of any Medically Necessary, reasonable and customary item of 
expense which is a Covered Service, in whole or in part, as a hospital, surgical, medical or 
major medical expense under this policy or under any other valid coverage. 
When a plan provides benefits in the form of services rather than cash payments, the 
reasonable cash value of each service rendered will be deemed to be an allowable expense 
and a benefit paid. 
Claim determination period  – Each calendar year during which allowable expense covered 
under this policy is incurred on account of a covered person. 
Coordination of Benefits Provision  – This provision and any other provision which may reduce 
an insurer’s liability because of the existence of benefits under other valid coverage .  The 
calculation period for claims liability for the policy is the Claim Determination Period. 
Plan  – An entity providing health care or dental benefits or services through: 
 Group or individual insurance or any other arrangement for coverage for individuals 
whether on an insured or uninsured basis; 