 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 57 OF 116 11. Care for conditions that federal, state, or local law requires be treated in a public facility, 
care provided under federally or state funded health care programs (except the Medicaid 
program), care required by a public entity and care for which there would not normally be 
a charge are excluded. 
12. Routine examinations, care or treatment primarily for insurance, immigration, travel, 
licensing, school sports, adoption and employment purposes and other third-party 
physicals are excluded. 
13. Medical and psychiatric evaluations, examinations, or treatments, psychological testing, 
therapy, laboratory and other diagnostic testing and other services including 
hospitalizations or Partial Hospitalizations and residential treatment programs that are 
ordered as a condition of processing, parole, probation, or sentencing are excluded, unless 
we determine that such services are independently Medically Necessary. 
14. Termination of pregnancy is excluded, other than medically indicated abortions necessary 
to save the life of the mother. 
15. Any services received outside the United States are excluded unless deemed to be urgent 
or Emergency care. 
16. Travel expenses, accommodations and travel insurance are not covered.  Oxygen 
provided while traveling on an airline and oxygen concentrators that are supplied for 
purchase or rent specifically to meet airline requirements are excluded. 
17. Costs related to room and board for family members are excluded. 
18. Costs related to room and board for the member are excluded except if the cost is charged 
by the hospital as part of a medically necessary inpatient hospital admission and the 
expenses are incurred between the time of admission and the time of discharge. 
19. Any services or supplies furnished in an institution that is primarily a place of rest, a 
place for the aged, a custodial facility, or any similar institution or facility are excluded. 
20. Cosmetic surgery or procedures are excluded.  Cosmetic surgery generally includes any 
plastic or reconstructive surgery or procedure done to improve the appearance of any 
portion of the body or restore bodily form without materially correcting a bodily 
malfunction. 
Excluded cosmetic surgery or procedures include: 
a. Surgery or treatment to remove sagging or extra skin; any augmentation or 
reduction procedures; electrolysis; liposuction; liposculpting; body contouring or 
recontouring to remove excess skin on any part of the body including but not 
limited to: tummy tucks, belt lipectomies, breast reductions, enhancements or lifts 
are excluded; 
b. Laser treatments, rhinoplasty and associated surgery, epikeratophakia surgery, 
kerato-refractive eye surgery including but not limited to implants for correction 
of presbyopia, correction of facial or breast asymmetry (except that breast 
asymmetry will be provided pursuant to coverage as provided in this EOC for 
mastectomy benefits), treatment of male-pattern baldness, electrolysis, waxing or 
other methods of hair removal, or hair treatment, keloid scar therapy, any 