 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 49 OF 116  The Provider agrees not to seek additional payment from the Member for any medical 
service provide by the Provider that the Provider could not have received from  the 
Member were the Provider still under contract with Hometown Health. 
Such coverage will continue until the 120th day after the date the contract between the Provider 
and Hometown Health is terminated or, if the medical condition is pregnancy, the 45th day after 
the end of the pregnancy.  Such coverage will not continue if the treatment is no longer 
medically necessary.  Such coverage will not continue beyond the termination date of this 
Benefit Plan. 
 
G. COVERED SERVICES UNDER THE PHARMACY BENEFIT  
 
Drug Formulary – The Hometown Rx Drug Formulary for this Benefit Plan has been selected to 
provide all of the therapeutic categories and classes of medications and the choice of medications 
within those classes to meet the Essential Health Benefits formulary requirements for the State of 
Nevada.  This formulary may be substantially different from other Hometown Health 
Formularies and may have different requirements for Prior Authorization and Step Therapy.  
There is no coverage for medications that are not listed on this Drug Formulary.  Hometown 
Health will not pay for any drugs that are not listed on this formulary, and the costs of those 
medications will not be counted toward your In-Network or Out- of-Network Deductible and 
Out-of-Pocket Maximum Costs. 
The HometownRx Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee, which is comprised of physicians 
from various medical specialties, developed the Drug Formulary.  The Committee reviews 
medications in all therapeutic categories and selects the agent(s) in each class that meet its 
criteria for safety, effectiveness, and cost.  The Committee meets twice a year to review new and 
existing medications to ensure that the Drug Formulary remains responsive to the needs of 
Members and Providers.  A copy of the Drug Formulary is available at hometownhealth.com  or 
by calling 775-982-3230 or 855-652-4001.  Inclusion of a drug in the Drug Formulary does not 
guarantee that a Provider will prescribe that drug for a particular medical condition.   
If we remove a drug from the Drug Formulary we will continue to cover that drug if: 
 We had previously approved your purchase of that drug; 
 Your Provider determines, after conducting a reasonable investigation, that none of the 
drugs which are currently approved for coverage are medically appropriate; and 
 The drug is appropriately prescribed; and 
 The drug is considered by the FDA to be safe and effective for treating your medical 
condition. 
Coverage is available for Generic Drugs, Preferred Brand Drugs, Non-Preferred Brand Drugs, 
Special ty Pharmaceuticals, and Diabetic Suppli es.  Specific benefit levels are detailed in the 
Schedule of Benefits that describes your plan of benefits. 
Prior Authorization – For certain outpatient Prescription Drugs, a prescribing Physician must 
contact HometownRx to request and obtain coverage for such drugs.  HometownRx will respond 
to the Physician once authorization has been determined.  The list of Prescription Drugs 
requiring Prior Authorization is subject to change by Hometown Health.  An updated copy of the 
list of Prescription Drugs requiring Prior Authorization is available at hometownhealth.com . 