 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 105 OF 116 describe the required information and you have at least 45 days from receipt of 
the notice to provide the information. 
d. Post-Service Claims 
We will notify you of any denial of a post-service claim within a reasonable 
period, but no later than 30 days after receipt of the claim.  We may extend this 
period one time for up to 15 days if the extension is necessary due to matters 
beyond our control and we notify you prior to the expiration of the initial 30-day 
period, of the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which we 
expect to render a decision.  If the extension is necessary due to your failure to 
submit the information necessary to decide the claim, the notice of extension will 
specifically describe the required information and you will be afforded at least 45 
days from receipt of the notice to provide the information. 
4. Informal Appeal 
If you question the manner that a claim for benefits is decided, you may file an informal 
appeal.  You must make all informal appeals to our customer services department within 
60 days of an adverse benefit determination.  If you do not file an informal appeal in a 
timely manner, we will deem your appeal waived.  The informal appeal is a voluntary 
level of appeal and you may immediately make a 1st level formal appeal. 
Upon the initiation of an informal appeal, our customer services department will record at 
least the following information: 
a. Name of person on whose behalf the appeal is filed (complainant); 
b. Complainant’s name and membership number ; 
c. Name of person(s) involved; 
d. Date(s) of occurrence; 
e. Location; 
f. Nature of appeal; and 
g. Name of person filing the appeal. 
Our Customer Services department representative will inform you of the resolution or 
proposed resolution of the appeal within 20 working days, unless more time is required 
for fact-finding. 
5. 1st Level Formal Appeal 
If we do not resolve an informal appeal to your satisfaction to if you choose not to file an 
informal appeal, you may file a 1st level formal appeal.  You must submit the 1st level 
formal appeal in writing (or orally, at your option, in the case of an appeal of an Urgent 
Care claim) to the customer services department within 180 days after we inform you of 
our resolution of the informal appeal or within 180 days of the adverse benefit 
determination if the 1st level formal appeal is your initial appeal.  There is an exception 
to the 180-day filing timeframe; if you are able to demonstrate that you were 
incapacitated and unable to file an appeal within the standard timeframe, we will grant 
you a reasonable extension.  If you do not file a 1st level formal appeal in a timely 