 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 35 OF 116 Temporomandibular Joint Disorder (TMJ) and dysfunction services and supplies 
including night guards are covered only when the required services are not recognized 
dental procedures.  Member Cost Sharing for covered TMJ services follows the same 
benefit allowance as other medically necessary services, subject to applicable 
deductibles, copayments and coinsurance.  TMJ surgeries are covered under the medical 
benefits based on medical necessity and are limited to an annual maximum of one (1) 
surgery and a lifetime maximum of two (2) surgeries. 
Prior Authorization is required for dental general anesthesia in a Hospital or outpatient 
surgical facility.  Dental anesthesiology services are covered only for procedures 
performed by a qualified Specialist in pediatric dentistry, a dentist educationally qualified 
in a recognized dental specialty for which Hospital privileges are granted or who is 
certified by virtue of completion of an accredited program of po st-graduate Hospital 
training to be granted Hospital privileges. 
Only the services and supplies described above are covered, even if the condition is due 
to a genetic, congenital, or acquired characteristic.  Exclusions include: 
a. Under the medical benefits,  except as described above as an inclusion, services 
involving treatment to the teeth; extraction of teeth; repair of injured teeth; 
general dental services; treatment of dental abscesses or granulomas; treatment of 
gingival tissues (other than for tumors); dental examinations; restoration of the 
mouth, teeth, or jaws because of Injuries from biting, chewing, or accidents; 
artificial implanted devices; braces; periodontal care or surgery; teeth prosthetics 
and bone grafts regardless of etiology of the disease process; and repairs and 
restorations except for appliances that are Medically Necessary to stabilize or 
repair sound and natural teeth after an Injury as set forth above; 
b. Dental and or medical care including mandibular or maxillary surgery, 
orthodontia treatment, oral surgery, pre-prosthetic surgery, any procedure 
involving osteotomy to the jaw, and any other dental product or service except as 
set forth above; 
c. Treatment to the gums and treatment of pain or infection known or thought to be 
due to dental or medical cause and in close proximity to the teeth or jaw, braces, 
bridges, dental plates or other dental orthosis or prosthesis, including the 
replacement of metal dental fillings; and 
d. Other supplies and services including but not limited to cosmetic restorations, 
implants, cosmetic replacements of serviceable restorations, and materials (such 
as precious metals). 
20. Orthopedic Devices and Prosthetic Devices 
Coverage for orthopedic devices is limited to Medically Necessary braces for problems 
requiring complete immobilization or for support, or if the braces are custom fitted or 
have rigid bar or flat steel supports and stays, splints, devices for congenital disorders, 
post and pre-operative devices. 
One (1) Medically Necessary prosthetic device, approved by the Centers for Medicare & 
Medicaid (CMS), is covered for each missing or non-functioning body part or organ 
every three (3) years.  Coverage is limited to: 