 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 79 OF 116 requested.  If you want to add or delete an eligible dependent from coverage later (due to the 
dependent having a Qualifying Life Event), the Subscriber must submit an Enrollment/Change 
Form.  Additional forms may be required for special dependent status. 
We may require other forms and/or supporting documentation as part of the eligibility 
verification process.  These forms and or documents may include, but are not limited to: 
1. A notice of creditable coverage; 
2. A coordination of benefits form; 
3. A birth certificate; 
4. A marriage certificate; 
5. A Domestic Partnership Certificate issued by a state or county government; 
6. Qualified Medical Child Support Order (QMCSO); 
7. A court order; 
8. Proof of your legal right to work or reside in the U.S.; 
9. Proof of residency such as a driver’s license, rental agreement or utility b ill that includes 
the subscriber’s name and address;  
10. A valid Social Security number; 
11. Adoption papers or certification from placing agency; and 
12. Written proof of a child’s incapacity and dependency and proof of continuous coverage 
as a disabled dependent since attaining the age of 26. 
You must provide us with the requested forms or documents no later than 30 days after our 
request.  Failure to provide any requested forms or documents within 30 days of the request will 
result in your loss of the right to make a change to your enrollment status due to the enrollment 
event.  If we changed your enrollment, or that of your dependents, based on an application for 
which you did not provide required documentation, your enrollment and the enrollment of your 
dependents will be corrected back to the enrollment status that would have resulted had you 
never provided the application.  This could result in the loss of coverage and the transfer of 
financial responsibility to you for claims incurred (you may have to pay medical costs) for the 
period between the initial change and the correction.  We will make every effort to correct your 
eligibility status and the eligibility status of your dependents and to inform you of the correct 
status as quickly as possible. 
There is no coverage for services received or rendered to the Member prior to the effective date 
of the Member’s enrollment .   
 
D. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION  
 
1. Notice of ineligibility 
It is your responsibility to notif y your e mployer of any changes that can or will affect 
your el igibility or that of your dependents.  Failure to notify us of any change s affecti ng 