 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 68 OF 116 VI. UTILIZATION MANAGEMENT PROGRAM  
 
The utilization management program uses set criteria and protocols to ensure that the most cost- 
effective preventive, Acute, and tertiary care is provided to our Members consistent with the 
provision of quality care.  You may be subject to a reduction in benefits if you do not comply 
with this utilization management program.  Our utilization management program is conducted 
with our written policies and procedures under the direction of our Medical Director. 
A. Delivery of Services 
You are entitled to receive Medically Necessary medical care and services as specified in your 
Schedule of Benefits and this EOC.  These include medical, surgical, diagnostic, therapeutic, and 
preventive services.  .  These services generally: 
1. Are provided in our Geographic Service Area; 
2. Are performed or ordered by a Participating Provider; and 
3. Require a Prior Authorization according to our utilization management and quality 
assurance protocols, if applicable.  If a Prior Authorization is required and you do not 
obtain the required Prior Authorization, you may be subject to a reduction in benefits or 
the service may not be covered, even if the service is Medically Necessary.  
B. Scope of the Program 
Under the utilization management program, a Prior Authorization is required for referrals to 
Physicians and Providers for certain services.  All benefits listed in this EOC may be subject to 
Prior Authorization requirements and concurrent review depending upon the circumstances 
associated with the services.  Refer to your Schedule of Benefits for services that require Prior 
Authorization.  You may find a full list of services that require Prior Authorization at 
hometownhealth.com . 
The following services require Prior Authorization: 
1. All inpatient stays and services in any facility type, including Acute and skilled care, 
mental health care, drug or alcohol detoxification, or rehabilitation (including partial or 
day hospitalization services stays); 
2. Inpatient, same day, or in-office surgical services with a cost greater than $750 
(excluding diagnostic and screening colonoscopies); 
3. Autism services; 
4. Home health care; 
5. Healthcare services and supplies including but not limited to oxygen, oxygen-related 
equipment and all durable medical equipment with a cost greater than $150; 
6. Prosthetic and orthopedic devices with a cost greater than $150; 
7. Hearing aids; 
8. Transplant services; 
9. Gastric restrictive services; 