 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 89 OF 116  
G. When COBRA Ends 
COBRA continuation coverage under the Policy will end before the maximum continuation 
period shown above if: 
1. You or your covered dependent becomes covered under another group medical plan or 
policy; 
2. You or your covered dependent becomes entitled to, and enrolls in, Medicare after 
electing COBRA; 
3. A Premium is not paid within 30 days of its due date; 
4. Your employer ceases to offer coverage under the Policy to its similarly situated 
employees; or 
5. Coverage would otherwise terminate under the Policy as described in the beginning of 
this section. 
If you selected continuation coverage under a prior plan or policy which was then replaced by 
coverage under this Policy, continuation coverage will end as scheduled under the prior plan or 
in accordance with the terminating events listed in this section, whichever is earlier. 
H. USERRA Leaves of Absence 
You may be able to continue coverage under this Policy through your employer under the 
Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA).  The 
continuation coverage is equal to the same coverage as the benefits that are provided to other 
participants in your employer’s health plan.  These benefits may be available to you if you are 
absent from work by reason of service in the United States uniformed service, up to a maximum 
24-month period, if you meet the requirements of USERRA.  USERRA benefits run 
concurrently with any continuation coverage that is available through COBRA. 
You must submit an USERRA election notice to your employer within 60 days after your call to 
active duty.  The Premium for USERRA continuation coverage is 102% of the Premium charged 
to your employer. 
You should contact your employer for information about electing USERRA coverage and how 
much you must pay for such coverage. 
I. Leaves of Absence 
This Policy provides continuing coverage for an employee who is otherwise covered by the 
Policy while on leave with or without pay as a result of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 
1993 (FMLA) or an employer-approved leave of absence.  This coverage is the same as that in 
effect for the Employer Group during the period of disability or leave-of-absence. 
The coverage required continues until one of the following occurs: 
1. The date that the employment of the employee is terminated; 
2. The date that the employee obtains another policy of health insurance; 