 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 110 OF 116 will forward to Hometown Health any additional information provided to them 
within one (1) day of receipt. 
f. If we fail to provide the information within the specified time, the IRO may 
terminate the review and reverse the adverse determination.  The IRO must notify 
us, you and the OCHA of its decision to do so. 
g. Upon receipt of the information, we may reconsider our original determination or 
terminate the review and immediately provide coverage for the service.  We must 
notify the IRO, you and OCHA of our decision to do so. 
h. The IRO will approve, modify or reverse the adverse determination within fifteen 
(15) days (within 48 hours for expedited requests).  The IRO will submit its 
determination to you, your physician, if necessary, and Hometown Health.  For 
expedited requests, you, your physician and Hometown Health will be notified 
within 24 hours of completion of the review and a written notice will be provided 
within 48 hours. 
i. We will immediately approve the coverage or recommended treatment upon 
receipt of a notice reversing the adverse determination. 
4. Authorization for Release of Medical Records 
When filing a request for external review, you or your authorized representative will be 
required to authorize the release of any of your medical records that may be required to 
be reviewed for the purpose of reaching a decision on the external review. 
5. Independent Review Organizations 
An independent third party with clinical and legal expertise and with no financial or 
personal conflicts with us will conduct all external reviews.  These third parties are 
known as “independent review organizations.” The reviewer will not defer to the 
decisions made during the internal review process and will look at your claim anew.  The 
reviewer will consider all the information and documents that it receives in a timely 
manner when making its decision. 
The independent review organization will provide written notice of the final external 
review decision within 45 days after it receives the request for external review.  If the 
independent review organization reverses our denial of your claim, the decision will be 
final and we must immediately provide coverage or payment. 
D. Notice of Appeal Rights 
You have a right to appeal any decision we make that denies payment on your claim or your 
request for coverage of a health care service or treatment. 
You may request additional explanation when your claim or request for coverage of a health 
care service or treatment is denied or the health care service or treatment you received was not 
fully covered.  Contact us when you: 
1. Do not understand the reason for the denial; 
2. Do not understand why the health care service or treatment was not fully covered; 