 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 26 OF 116 2. Allergy Testing and Treatment. 
Coverage is provided for Medically Necessary allergy testing, preparation of serum, 
serum, and administration of injections. 
3. Alternative Medicine 
Alternative medicine is a Covered Service for therapeutic procedures and approaches to 
medical diagnosis and therapy that currently may not be considered part of conventional 
medical practice.  These generally include acupuncture, acupressure, holistic medicine 
homeopathy, hypnosis, herbal, vitamin or supplement therapies, naturopathy and bio and 
nuero feedback. 
Office visits, procedures, and therapies for alternative medicine and related medications 
are only covered if prescribed or provided by a licensed Provider. 
4. Autism Spectrum Disorders 
Coverage is provided for Medically Necessary screening for and diagnosis of Autism 
Spectrum Disorders (ASD) and for the Medically Necessary treatment of ASD to 
individuals under the age of 18 (or under the age of 22, for individuals enrolled in high 
school).  Treatment may be provided by a licensed autism behavior interventionist to 
include registered behavior technician. 
“Autism Spectrum Disorder” means a neurobiological medical condition including, 
without limitation, a utistic disorder, Asperger’s Disorder, and Pervasive Developmental 
Disorder Not Otherwise Specified.  Treatment must be identified in a treatment plan 
prescribed by a licensed Physician or psychologist and may be developed pursuant to a 
comprehensive evaluation in coordination with a licensed behavior analyst.  Subject to 
the other requirements of this Policy, treatment may include Medically Necessary 
habilitative or rehabilitative care, prescription care, psychiatric care, psychological care, 
behavior therapy, or therapeutic care that is: 
 Prescribed for a person diagnosed with an ASD by a licensed Physician or licensed 
psychologist; and 
 Provided to a person diagnosed with an ASD by a licensed Physician, licensed 
psychologist, licensed behavior analyst, licensed assistant behavior analyst, or other 
Provider that is supervised by the licensed Physician, psychologist, or behavior 
analyst. 
We may request and review a copy of the treatment plan. 
Applied behavioral analysis treatment and coverage is subject to a maximum benefit of 
600 hours (approximately 130 visits) of therapy for habilitation and 600 hours 
(approximately 130 visits) of therapy for rehabilitation per calendar year.  Coverage is 
subject to Copayment, Deductible, and Coinsurance provisions and any other general 
exclusion or limitation of this Policy to the same extent as other medical services or 
prescription drugs covered by us.  Services for applied behavioral analysis treatment for 
ASD require Prior Authorization.  Coverage is not provided for reimbursements to an 
early intervention agency or school for services delivered through early intervention or 
school services. 
 