 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 61 OF 116 47. Charges for cognitive therapy are excluded unless related to short-term services 
necessitated by a catastrophic neurological event to restore functioning for activities of 
daily living. 
48. Sleep therapy (except for central or obstructive apnea when Medically Necessary with a 
Prior Authorization), behavioral training or therapy, milieu therapy, biofeedback, 
behavior modification, sensitivity training, hypnosis, electro hypnosis, electrosleep 
therapy, electronarcosis, massage therapy, and gene therapy are excluded. 
49. Therapies, psychological services, counseling, or tutoring services for developmental 
delay or learning disability are excluded. 
50. Treatment of mental retardation, Down syndrome, or autism (unless covered and 
described within this EOC) that a federal or state law mandates that coverage be provided 
and paid for by a school district or other governmental agency is excluded. 
51. Services designed to treat infertility conditions 
Medically Necessary services to diagnose problems of infertility are covered for one 
workup per year up to three (3) evaluations per lifetime.  Up to six (6) cycles of artificial 
insemination are covered per lifetime for covered members.  For the covered female, 
services include the preparation of the sperm and the insemination, provided that the 
sperm has not been purchased or the donor compensated for his biological material or 
services, and that the donor is covered under a Hometown Health individual or small 
group plan.  Costs related to the actual insemination of a non-covered person, are not 
covered under the terms of this Benefit Plan.  The following services are not covered: 
a. All other costs incurred for reproduction by artificial means or assisted 
reproductive technology (such as in-vitro fertilization, or embryo transplants) 
except services directly related to artificial insemination services up to the 
maximum benefit limit are excluded.  This exclusion includes treatments, testing, 
services, supplies, devices, or drugs intended to produce a pregnancy; 
b. The promotion of fertility including, but not limited to, fertility testing (except as 
otherwise covered and described above), serial ultrasounds, services to reverse 
voluntary surgically-induced infertility, reversal of surgical sterilization, any 
service, supply, or drug used in conjunction with or for the purpose of an 
artificially induced pregnancy,  test-tube fertilization, the cost of donor sperm or 
eggs, in-vitro fertilization and embryo transfer or any artificial reproduction 
technology or the freezing of sperm or eggs or storage costs for frozen sperm, 
eggs, or embryos, maternity services related to a Member serving in the capacity 
of a surrogate mother, sperm donor for profit or prescription (infertility) drugs, or 
GIFT or ZIFT procedures, low tubal transfers, or donor egg retrieval are 
excluded. 
c. Any services related to a Member serving in the capacity of a surrogate mother, 
including, but not limited to, determining, evaluating, or enhancing the physical 
or psychological readiness for pregnancy, procedures to improve the Member’ s 
ability to become pregnant or to carry a pregnancy to term, or maternity services 
are excluded. 