 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 109 OF 116 You or your authorized representative may also make a written or oral request for an 
expedited external review if you have received a final adverse benefit determination and: 
a. You have a medical condition where the time for completing the internal review 
process would seriously jeopardize your life, health, or ability to regain maximum 
function; or 
b. The final adverse benefit determination concerns the admission, availability of 
care, continued stay, or health care item or service for which you received 
services, but you have not been discharged from a facility. 
In addition, you or your authorized representative may submit your claim to the external 
review process if you receive an adverse benefit determination or final adverse benefi t 
determination that involves a denial of coverage based on a determination that a 
recommended or requested health care service or treatment is experimental or 
investigational.  In such a case, you or your authorized representative may make an oral 
request for an expedited external review if your treating physician certifies in writing that 
the recommended or requested service or treatment would be significantly less effective 
if not promptly initiated. 
You can initiate an expedited external review by calling the Office of Consumer Health 
Assistance (OCHA) toll free at 888-333-1597.  If you are not entitled to an expedited 
internal review, you will be notified as expeditiously as possible. 
3. Standard and Expedited External Review Timeframes 
Should you or your authorized representative file a request for a standard or expedited 
external review by the OCHA, you can anticipate the timeframe for review to be as 
follows:19 
a. Within five (5) days after receiving your request for external review, OCHA will 
notify Hometown Health that the request has been filed (within 72 hours for 
expedited requests). 
b. As soon as practicable after receiving your request, OCHA will assign an 
Independent Review Organization (IRO).  OCHA will assign the IRO within one 
(1) business day for expedited requests. 
c. Within five (5) days after receiving notification from OCHA, Hometown Health 
will provide to the IRO all documents and materials relating to the adverse 
determination (within 24 hours for expedited requests). 
d.  Within five (5) days after receiving the request, the IRO will: 
i. Review the request, documents and materials submitted; and 
ii. Notify you if any additional information is required to conduct the review. 
e. You must provide that information to the IRO within five (5) days after receiving 
the request for additional information.  Any information submitted to the IRO by 
you after five (5) business days has passed, MAY be considered as well.  The IRO 
                                                 
19 NRS 695G.251 through 695G. 271 