 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 94 OF 116 representative have received our written authorization allowing you or your 
representative to accept a settlement, adjustment or resolution offered by any person, 
insurance company or benefits plan, or any other organization; 
7. Not take any action that would prejudice or harm our subrogation and reimbursement 
rights; 
8. Cooperate fully with us in asserting its reimbursement and subrogation rights, supplying 
us with any and all information, and executing any and all forms we may need for this 
purpose; and 
9. Do whatever else is needed to enforce our subrogation and reimbursement rights. 
By accepting benefit under this Policy, you have agreed to these conditions. 
We may obtain reimbursement or satisfy its subrogation rights by reducing the covered 
expenses paid by us to you or your eligible dependent for covered expenses already incurred 
but not yet paid, and for covered expenses incurred in the future. 
We are not sub ject to the “Make-Whole Doctrin e” 
Regardless of how the claims of recov eries are cla ssified or char acterized by the p arties, the 
courts or any other entity, this will not affect you or your eligible dependent ’s responsibilitie s 
described above or our entitlement to fir st-dollar recovery, reg ardless of whe ther you are mad e 
whole.  An example of this is a s follows:  
i. Mr. Smith is covered by this Poli cy.  Mr. Smith’s car is rear-ended by Mr. Jone s 
and Mr. Smith is Inju red and rece ives medi cal care.  We paid medi cal ben efits of 
$25,000 for Mr. S mith’s care.  Mr. Smith then sues Mr. Jones and recover s 
$50,000 through an out-of-cour t settlement of the lawsuit.  Mr. Smith, howev er, 
was not “made whole ” by the se ttlement because his damage s (including medi cal 
expenses, pain and suffering, and property damage) exceeded the $50,000 he 
received in the se ttlement. Although Mr. Smith was not “made whole ” by the 
settlement, he is required to repay us the $25,000 it paid in medi cal expense s from 
the $50,000 he recovered in the lawsuit. 
G. Attorney’s Fees  
We will not pay, offset any recovery, or in any way be responsible for any fees or costs 
associated with pursuing a claim unless we agree to do so in writing. 
An example of this is as follows: 
1. Mr.  Smith is covered by this Policy.  Mr.  Smith’s car is rear -ended by Mr.  Jones and 
Mr.  Smith is injured and receives medical care.  We paid medical benefits of $100,000 
for Mr.  Smith’s care .  Mr.  Smith then sues Mr.  Jones and recovers $150,000.  Although 
Mr.  Smith was awarded $150,000, he incurred legal fees of $50,000 leaving him with a 
net recovery of $100,000.  Although Mr.  Smith incurred legal fees of $50,000, he is not 
allowed to reduce his repayment obligation to us due to his having incurred legal fees 
and, therefore, must repay us the full $100,000 we paid in medical expenses. 
 
 