 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 22 OF 116 c. We may deny your request to inspect and copy in certain very limited 
circumstances.  If you are denied access to medical information, you may request 
that the denial be reviewed.  Another licensed healthcare Professional chosen by 
the health plan will review your request and the denial.  The person conducting 
the review will not be the person who denied your request.  We will comply with 
the outcome of the review. 
2. Right to Amend 
If you feel that medical information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, you 
may ask us to amend the information.  You have the right to request an amendment for as 
long as the information is kept by or for Hometown Health. 
To request an amendment, your request must be made in writing and submitted to 
Hometown Health Customer Services, 10315 Professional Circle, Reno, NV 89521.  In 
addition, you must provide a reason that supports your request. 
We may deny your request for an amendment if it is not in writing or does not include a 
reason to support the request.  In addition, we may deny your request if you ask us to 
amend information that: 
a. Was not created by us, unless the person or entity that created the information is 
no longer available to make the amendment; 
b. Is not part of the medical information kept by or for the Hometown Health; 
c. Is not part of the information that you would be permitted to inspect and copy; or 
d. Is accurate and complete. 
3. Right to an Accounting of Disclosures 
You have the right to request an “accounting of disclosures.” This is a list of the 
disclosures we made of medical information about you other than: 
a. Our own uses for treatment, payment and healthcare operations, as thos e 
functions are described above; 
b. To you based upon your authorization; and 
c. For certain government functions. 
To request this list or accounting of disclosures, you must submit your request in writing 
to Hometown Health Customer Services, 10315 Professional Circle, Reno, NV 89521.  
Your request must state a time period that may not be longer than six years and may not 
include dates before April 14, 2003.  Your request should indicate in what form you want 
the list (for example, on paper, electronically).  The first list you request within a 12- 
month period will be free.  For additional lists, we may charge you for the costs of 
providing the list.  We will notify you of the cost involved and you may choose to 
withdraw or modify your request at that time before any costs are incurred. 
4. Right to Request Restrictions 
You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on the medical information we use 
or disclose about you for treatment, payment or healthcare operations.  You also have the 
right to request a limit on the medical information we disclose about you to someone who 