 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 53 OF 116 Non-Formulary Drug Copayments will be applied to Non-Formulary Drug 
contraceptives.  Cost-sharing for Brand Drug or Non-Formulary Drug contraceptives may 
be covered with no Cost Sharing for Members who receive a Prior Authorization.  To 
receive the Prior Authorization, the prescribing physician must demonstrate to 
Hometown Health why the lower cost alternative is not appropriate and that the 
prescribed Drug is Medically Necessary. 
7. Diabetic Supplies 
Diabetic supplies include insulin, insulin syringes with needles, glucose blood-testing 
strips, ketone testing strips, lancets and lancet devices.  Diabetic supplies are covered if 
Medically Necessary upon prescription or upon physician’s  order only at a Participating 
Retail Pharmacies or Participating Mail Order Pharmacies. The member must pay 
applicable Deductible, Copayments and Coinsurance.  Original and refill prescriptions 
are limited to a 90-day supple at Participating Retail Pharmacies unless otherwise limited 
by Hometown Health or the drug manufacturer.  A 30-day filled prescription is required 
prior to a 90-day filled prescription. 
8. Hormone Replacement Therapy 
Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) Prescription Drugs are covered if approved by the 
FDA or required by state or federal law and lawfully prescribed or ordered by a Physician 
when Medically Necessary.  Certain HRT Prescription Drugs require Prior Authorization. 
9. Topical Ophthalmic Products 
Early refills of topical ophthalmic products due to inadvertent wastage, shall be 
completed on a refill basis with a valid prescription and authorization, except as 
otherwise provided in the Drug Formulary or through the mail order or online 
prescription drug program.  
10. Cancer Treatment 
Drugs covered under the Drug Formulary for this Prescription Drug Rider for use in the 
treatment of an illness, disease or other medical condition will also be covered for the 
treatment of cancer when medically necessary and approved by the FDA or when 
required by state and federal law. Experimental drugs not approved by the FDA nor 
required by state and federal law, and used in the treatment of cancer are not covered. 
Prescription drugs used for the treatment of cancer require prior authorization from 
Hometown Health. 
Orally Administered Chemotherapy will be paid consistently with classification of the 
prescription drugs as Formulary Generic, Formulary Brand, Formulary Brand with a 
Formulary Generic alternative, or Non-Formulary Generic or Brand without a Formulary 
alternative.  Except for Members on a High Deductible Health Plan and for Members 
who select a Non-Formulary drug with a Formulary alternative, the cost to the Member 
for Orally Administered Chemotherapy will not exceed $100 per prescription. 
 
 
 