 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 104 OF 116 b. Before we issue a final adverse benefit determination based on a new or 
additional rationale, we will provide you with such rationale sufficiently in 
advance of the date on which we provide a final adverse benefit determination to 
give you a reasonable opportunity to respond. 
3. Timing of Notification of Benefit Determination 
a. Urgent Care Claims 
If the claim involves an Urgent Care claim, we will notify you of the benefit 
determination (whether adverse or not) as soon as possible taking into account the 
medical exigencies, but not later than 72 hours after receipt of the claim, unless 
insufficient information to determine whether, or to what extent, benefits are 
covered or payable under this Policy. 
If we receive insufficient information to decide your claim, we will notify you as 
soon as possible, but not later than 72 hours after receipt of the claim, of the 
specific information necessary to complete the claim.  You will have a reasonable 
amount of time, taking into account the circumstances, but not less than 48 hours, 
to provide the specified information.  We will notify you of the benefit 
determination as soon as possible, but in no case later than 48 hours after the 
earlier of: 
i. Our receipt of the specified information; or 
ii. The end of the period afforded you to provide the specified information. 
b. Concurrent Care Decisions 
If we have approved an ongoing course of treatment to be provided over a period 
of time or number of treatments and reduces or terminates coverage of such 
course of treatment (other than by plan amendment or termination) before the end 
of such period of time or number of treatments, we will notify you at a time 
sufficiently in advance of the reduction or termination to allow you to appeal and 
obtain a determination before the benefit is reduced or terminated. 
We will decide any request by you to extend the course of treatment beyond the 
period of time or number of treatments for an Urgent Care claim as soon as 
possible.  We will notify you within 72 hours after our receipt of the claim if we 
receive the request at least 24 hours prior to the expiration of the authorized 
period of time or number of treatments. 
c. Pre-Service Claims 
We will notify you of our benefit determination (whether adverse or not) within a 
reasonable period appropriate to the medical circumstances, but not later than 15 
days after our receipt of the request.  We may extend this period one time for up 
to 15 days if the extension is necessary due to matters beyond our control and we 
notify you prior to the expiration of the initial 15-day period, of the circumstances 
requiring the extension and the date by which the Policy expects to make a 
decision.  If the extension is necessary due to your failure to submit the 
information necessary to decide the claim, the notice of extension will specifically 