 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 58 OF 116 procedures utilizing an implant that cannot be expected to substantially alter 
physiologic functions are excluded ;  
c. Treatment or service related complications, insertion, removal or revision of 
breast implants unless provided post mastectomy are excluded; 
d. Implants that do not improve physical function are excluded ;  
e. Cosmetic surgery to treat or prevent mental health or psychological conditions or 
consequences or socially avoidant behavior are excluded; 
f. Psychological and physical factors including but not limited to self-image, 
difficult social or peer relations, embarrassment in social situations, inability to 
exercise or participate in recreational activities comfortably, or impact on ability 
to perform one’s job duties  are excluded; 
g. Complications resulting from excluded cosmetic surgery are excluded; and 
h. Complications of medical procedures that result in conditions that affect the 
appearance of the body without commensurate impairment of bodily function are 
excluded. 
21. Cosmetics are excluded. 
22. Treatment for the removal, ablation, injection, or destruction of varicose veins is 
excluded.  
23. Charges that result from appetite control, food addictions, eating disorders (except 
documented cases of bulimia or anorexia that meet standard diagnostic criteria as 
determined by us and present significant symptomatic medical problems) or any 
treatment of obesity, unless otherwise provided in the EOC are excluded. 
24. Dietary supplements, anti-aging treatments (even if FDA-Approved for other clinical 
indications), vitamins, diet pills, health or beauty aids, vitamin B-12 injections (except for 
pernicious anemia, other specified megaloblastic anemias not elsewhere classified, 
anemias due to disorders of glutathione metabolism, post-surgery care or other b- 
complex deficiencies), antihemophilic factors including tissue plasminogen activator 
(TPA), acne preparations, and laxatives (except as otherwise covered and described 
within the EOC and Schedule of Benefits) are excluded. 
25. Natural and herbal remedies that may be purchased without a prescription (over the 
counter), through a web site, at a Physician or chiropractor’s office, or at a retail location 
are excluded unless otherwise specified in this EOC and your Schedule of Benefits. 
26. Aroma therapy, massage therapy, reiki therapy, thermograph, orthomolecular therapy, 
contact reflex analysis, Bio-Energetic Synchronization Technique (B.E.S.T.), colonic 
irrigation, magnetic innervation therapy and electromagnetic therapy are excluded. 
27. Charges related to the acquisition or use of marijuana are excluded, even if used for 
medicinal purposes. 
28. Except as otherwise provided in the EOC, drugs, medicines, procedures, services, and 
supplies to correct or enhance erectile function, enhance sensitivity, or to alter the shape 
or appearance of a sex organ, or for sexual dysfunction (organic or inorganic), 