 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 20 OF 116 b. To report births and deaths; 
c. To report the abuse or neglect of children, elders and dependent adults; 
d. To report reactions to medications or problems with products; 
e.  To notify people of recalls of products they may be using; 
f. To notify a person who may have been exposed to a disease or may be at risk for 
contracting or spreading a disease or condition; and 
g. To notify the appropriate government authority if we believe a patient has been 
the victim of abuse, neglect or domestic violence.  We will only make this 
disclosure if you agree or when required or authorized by law. 
3. Health Oversight Activities – We may disclose medical information to a health oversight 
agency for activities authorized by law.  These oversight activities include, for example, 
audits, investigations, inspections and licensure.  These activities are necessary for the 
government to monitor the healthcare system, government programs and compliance with 
civil rights laws. 
4. Lawsuits and Disputes – If you are involved in a lawsuit or a dispute, we may disclose 
medical information about you in response to a court or administrative order.  We may 
also disclose medical information about you in response to a subpoena, discovery request 
or other lawful process by someone else involved in the dispute, but only if efforts have 
been made to tell you about the request (which may include written notice to you) or to 
obtain an order protecting the information requested. 
5. Law Enforcement – We may release medical information if asked to do so by a law 
enforcement official: 
a. In response to a court order, subpoena, warrant, summons or similar process; 
b. To identify or locate a suspect, fugitive, material witness or missing person; 
c. About the victim of a crime if, under certain limited circumstances, we are unable 
to obtain the person’s agreement;  
d. About a death we believe may be the result of criminal conduct; or 
e. In emergency circumstances to report a crime; the location of the crime or 
victims; or the identity, description or location of the person who committed the 
crime. 
6. Disaster Relief – We may use or disclose your medical information to a public or private 
entity authorized by law or by its charter to assist in disaster relief efforts. 
7. National Security and Intelligence Activities – We may release medical information 
about you to authorized federal officials for intelligence, counterintelligence and other 
national security activities authorized by law. 
8. Protective Services for the President and Others – We may disclose medical information 
about you to authorized federal officials so they may provide protection to the President, 
other authorized persons or foreign heads of state or conduct special investigations. 