 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 7 OF 116 quality services.  Charges associated with the following are the Member’s responsibility and 
do not accumulate toward the Member’s Deductible and Out -of-Pocket Maximum: 
 Costs for services received from Non-Preferred Provider in excess of the Allowed 
Amount; 
 Coinsurance for services for which the member did not receive Prior Authorization when 
Prior Authorization is required; 
 Costs for prescription drugs in excess of the Allowed Amount; 
 Non-covered services and prescription drugs; 
 Ancillary Charges 
 Denied claims; and 
 Prescription drugs received from a Non-Participating Pharmacy 
Covered Service  – A benefit for services and supplies that we provide or arrange under this 
Policy and: 
 Is Medically Necessary or otherwise specifically listed as a benefit in the Schedule of 
Benefits or EOC; 
 Is rendered by a licensed, certified, or registered Provider within the state of the place o f 
service and within the scope of the license of the Provider performing the service; 
 For which we provide a Prior Authorization if Prior Authorization is required; and 
 Is not experimental or investigational or otherwise limited or excluded by this Policy. 
Services that are not Covered Services do not count toward your Deductible or Out-of-Pocket 
Maximum. 
Criminal Act  – Any action for which a person is convicted of a misdemeanor or felony. 
Custodial Care  – Health care services or other related services (such as assistance in activities of 
daily living) that either: 
 Do not seek a cure; 
 Are provided during periods when acute care is not required or when the medical 
condition of a Member is not improving; 
 Do not require continued administration by licensed medical personnel; or 
 Assist in the activities of daily living. 
Deductible  – The dollar amount that a Member must pay to Providers for Covered Services each 
calendar year before Hometown Health pays for services, other than preventive care.  There 
may be separate Deductibles for medical, pharmacy and other benefits according to the 
Benefit Plan that is in place, or they may be combined.  Services subject to the Deductible 
will be annotated with “CYD”  in the Benefit Summary Table.  Generally, Copayments or 
Coinsurance are payable once the Member or family has reached the applicable Deductible.  
Amounts paid by the Member that are applied to the In-Network Deductible are also applied 
to the In-Network Out-of-Pocket Maximum. 
The family Deductible is set at twice the individual Deductible.  Once the family has reached 
the family Deductible, benefits are payable to all Members of the family regardless of 
whether the Member has met the individual Deductible.  Except for certain HDHPs, on e 