 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 50 OF 116 If Prior Authorization is not obtained when necessary, the Member must pay the Participating 
Retail Pharmacy in full for the cost of the Prescription Drug.  To be eligible for reimbursement, 
the Member is responsible for submitting a request for reimbursement in writing to Hometown 
Health.  The request must include a copy of the receipt for the cost of the Prescription Drug and 
documentation from the prescribing Physician that the Prescription Drug is Medically Necessary.  
If the claim is approved, Hometown Health will directly reimburse the Member the cost of the 
Prescription Drug, less the applicable Cost Sharing specified in your Schedule of Benefits. 
Member Responsibility – Benefits are provided for outpatient prescription drugs that meet the 
requirements specified in this EOC. Members are responsible for paying  their Deductible, 
Copayments,  Coinsurance  and  Ancillary  Charge  to  the  pharmacy  at  the  time  their 
prescriptions are filled.   For Prescription Drug products covered under a Copayment benefit, the 
member is responsible for paying the lesser of the Copayment or the actual retail price of the 
Prescription Drug product.   
Hometown Health is not responsible for the cost of any Prescription Drug for which the actual 
charge to the Member is less than the required Copayment or payment that applies to the 
Deductible or for any drug for which no charge is made to the Member.  Hometown Health 
retains the right to review all requests for reimbursement and, at its sole discretion make 
reimbursement determinations subject to the grievance procedure section of the certificate. 
Members are required to present their Hometown Health membership card when filling 
prescriptions at a pharmacy.  A Member who fails to present the Hometown Health ID card may 
not be entitled to direct reimbursement from Hometown Health, and the Member may be 
responsible for the entire cost of the prescription.  If a Member does not use this Policy (does not 
use their insurance card) to purchase a prescription drug and then requests reimbursement for the 
purchase of the prescription drug in a non-Emergency, non-Urgent Care situation, Hometown 
Health will only reimburse the Member the amount that Hometown Health would have paid if 
the prescription drug were purchased using the Policy. Because Hometown Health has access to 
contract discounts, the amount that Hometown Health pays could be considerably less than the 
amount the Member can get without using this Policy, resulting in a much higher cost to the 
Member compared to if the Member used this Policy to purchase the drug. 
Participating Pharmacies – A Participating Retail Pharmacy or Participating Mail Order 
Pharmacy may refuse to fill a prescription order or refill when in the professional judgment of 
the pharmacist the prescription should not be filled.  Non-Emergency and non-Urgent Care 
prescriptions will be covered only when filled at a Participating Retail Pharmacy or the 
Participating Mail Order Pharmacy. 
Non-Participating Pharmacies – Non-Participating Pharmacies may require payment in full for 
prescriptions. Members may file a claim for reimbursement from Hometown Health provided the 
claim is received by Hometown Health within 120 days from the date the prescription was filled. 
Claim forms are available upon request from Hometown Health.  Charges in excess of the 
Maximum Allowed Amount for prescription drug products received from a Non-Participating 
Pharmacy are the Member’s responsi bility. 
 
1. 90-Day Supplies 