 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 28 OF 116 g. You have signed, before your participation in the clinical trial or study, a 
statement of consent indicating that you have been informed of, without 
limitation: 
i. The procedure to be undertaken; 
ii. Alternative methods of treatment; and 
iii. The risks associated with participation in the clinical trial or study, 
including, without limitation, the general nature and extent of such risks; 
and 
h. The medical treatment is limited to: 
i. Coverage for any drug or device that is FDA-Approved for sale without 
regard to whether the approved drug or device has been approved for use 
in your medical treatment; 
ii. The cost of any reasonable necessary health care services that are required 
as a result of the medical treatment provided in a Phase II, Phase III, or 
Phase IV clinical trial or study or as a result of any complication arising 
out of the medical treatment provided in a Phase II, Phase III, or Phase IV 
clinical trial or study, to the extent that such health care services would 
otherwise be Covered Services; 
iii. The cost of any routine health care services that would otherwise be 
Covered Services for your participation in a Phase I clinical trial; 
iv. The initial consultation to determine whether you eligible to participate in 
the clinical trial or study; or 
v. Health care services required for the clinically appropriate monitoring of 
you during a Phase II, Phase III, or Phase IV clinical trial or study. 
Services for the following clinical trial services are excluded: 
a. Any portion of the clinical trial or study that is customarily paid for by a 
government or a biotechnical, pharmaceutical, or medical industry; 
b. Coverage for a drug or device described above that is paid for by the 
manufacturer, distributor, or Provider of the drug or device; 
c. Health care services that are specifically excluded from coverage in this EOC, 
regardless of whether such services are provided under the clinical trial or study; 
d. Health care services that are customarily provided by the sponsors of the clinical 
trial or study free of charge to participants in the trial or study; 
e. Extraneous expenses related to you in the clinical trial or study including but not 
limited to travel, housing, and other expenses that you may incur; 
f. Any expenses incurred by a person who accompanies you during the clinical trial 
or study; 
g. Any item or service that is provided solely to satisfy a need or desire for data 
collection or analysis that is not directly related to the clinical management of 
you; and 
h. Any costs for the management of research relating to the clinical trial or study. 