 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 74 OF 116 children.  Your employer may do this to allow your dependents to be eligible for tax 
credits through the state exchange. 
The following is a list of dependents that may be enrolled in a Hometown Health plan, if 
eligible pursuant to the other rules found in this EOC and your employer’s eligibility 
provision: 
a. The Subscriber ‘s lawful spouse  (we may require you submit a marriage 
certificate); 
b. The Subscriber ’s lawful domestic partner if the Subscriber provides to us a 
current Domestic Partnership Certificate issued by a state or county government 
upon request; 
c. A natural child, stepchild, or legally adopted child of either the Subscriber, the 
Subscriber ’s spouse, or the Subscriber ’s domestic partner, provided  that the child 
is under age 26; 1 
i. A newborn child, adopted child or child placed for adoption will be 
eligible for coverage effective on t he child’s date of birth, adoption or 
placement for adoption (as applicable).  Coverage for the child will cease 
after 31 days unless the Subscriber enrolls the child within the appropriate 
enrollment period.  We require a copy of the birth certificate, adoption 
certificate or certification of placement by the placing agency. 
During the first 31 day-period after birth adoption or placement for 
adoption, coverage for the child shall consist of medically necessary care 
for injury and sickness, including well child care and treatment of 
medically diagnosed congenital defects and birth abnormalities.  All 
services provided during the first 31 days of coverage are subject to the 
Cost Sharing requirements such as Deductibles, Copayments and 
Coinsurance that are applicable to other sicknesses, diseases and 
conditions otherwise covered. 2 
“Placement for adoption” means circumstances under which a Subscriber 
assumes or retains a legal obligation to partially or totally support a child 
in anticipation of the child’s ad option.  Coverage for a child to the child’s 
placement for adoption is subject to certification of the child’s placement 
by the placement agency.  A placement terminates when the legal 
obligation for support terminates. 
If the Subscriber is not the natural parent or the adoptive parent, but rather, 
the spouse or domestic partner is the natural parent or adoptive parent, and 
the date of birth, adoption or placement for adoption occurs before the 
date of marriage or domestic partnership, eligibility for coverage for the 
child begins when the spouse or domestic partner becomes eligible for 
coverage. 
                                                 
1 45 CFR § 147.120  
2 NRS 689B.033  