 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 93 OF 116 E. Constructive Trust 
If you (or your attorney or other representative) receive any payment through a judgment, 
settlement or otherwise —for an Illness or Injury that is caused by a third party for which we 
have paid medical expenses, you agree to maintain the funds in a separate, identifiable account 
and that we have an equitable lien on the funds.  In addition you agree to serve as a constructive 
trustee over funds to the extent that we have paid expenses related to that Illness or Injury.  This 
means that you will be deemed to be in control of the funds. 
F. Our Obligation to Pay Benefits 
We will pay covered expenses incurred by you or your dependent as a result of an Illness or 
Injury for which you receive, or may have a right to receive, compensation of any kind from 
another person (or entity), an insurance company, or any other organization, only on the 
condition that you or your eligible dependents, or another duly authorized person on your behalf, 
agree to do and will do the following: 
1. Reimburse us to the extent of covered expenses paid by us (any amounts credited to 
Deductibles will be removed), immediately upon receiving compensation of any kind 
(whether by court judgment, settlement or otherwise) for damages that include, but are 
not limited to, personal injury, property loss or medical expenses.  Your heirs or your 
eligible dependent’s heirs, beneficiaries, and personal representatives will a lso be bound 
by this obligation; 
2. Serve as constructive trustee for any and all monies paid (or payable) to you or for your 
benefit by any responsible party or other recovery to the extent we paid benefits for such 
sickness or Injury; 
3. Sign and deliver requested documents to us.  If you or your eligible dependents fail or 
refuse to sign whatever form or document is requested by us or our representative within 
30 days of the request, we will no longer have any obligation to pay any covered expense 
incurred by you or your eligible dependents; 
4. Immediately notify us in writing whenever you or your eligible dependent believe or first 
learn that any person, insurance company or benefits plan, or any other organization, is or 
may be responsible, or has agreed or may agree to pay, either totally or in part, for any 
damages you or your eligible dependent has suffered or may suffer as a result of any 
Illness or Injury.  Damages include, but are not limited to, any personal injury and/or 
property damage and/or medical expenses; 
5. Immediately notify us in writing, whenever a representative of any other person (or 
entity), insurance company or benefits plan, or any other organization, contacts you or 
your eligible dependent or your representative, or is contacted by you or your eligible 
dependent or by your representative, in order to settle, adjust or in any way resolve your 
claim, your eligible dependent’s  claim or estate’s claim for damages .  A claim will 
include any cause of action filed in any court and/or any verbal or written demand made 
by you or your eligible dependent or on your behalf, for compensation for damages you 
or your eligible dependent have suffered or may suffer as a result of any Illness or Injury; 
6. Refuse any settlement, adjustment or resolution of your claim, you r eligible dependent’s  
claim or estate’s claim for damages until you or your eligible dependent or your 