 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 114 OF 116 H. Gender 
The use of any gender herein shall include the other gender and the use of the singular shall 
include the plural (and vice versa). 
I. Governing Law 
Except as preempted by federal law, this EOC will be governed in accordance with the laws of 
the state of Nevada and any provision that is required to be in this EOC by state or federal law 
shall bind us and each Member whether or not set forth in this EOC. 
J. Membership Card 
Cards that we issue to Members are for identification only.  Possession of a membership card 
confers no right to services or other benefits under this Policy.  To be entitled to such services or 
benefits, the holder of the card must, in fact be an eligible Member on whose behalf all 
applicable Premiums due under this Policy have actually been paid.  Any person receiving 
services or other benefits to which he or she is not entitled pursuant to the provisions of this 
Policy and any Member assisting such person shall be liable for the actual cost of such services 
or benefits. 
K. Modifications 
This EOC shall automatically be modified to comply with provisions of applicable federal and 
Nevada law.  By electing medical and Hospital coverage under this Policy or accepting this 
Policy’s benefits, all Members legally capable of contracting, and the legal representative of all 
Members incapable of contracting, agree to all terms and conditions hereof. 
L. Notice 
You may give any notice under this Policy by United States mail, first class, postage prepaid, 
addressed as follows: 
Hometown Health 
Attention: Customer Services Department  
10315 Professional Circle 
Reno, Nevada 89521. 
We will send our notices to you to the most recent address that we have on file.  You are 
responsible for notifying our customer services department of any change in address. 
M. Notice of Claim 
If submission of a claim is required to receive benefits under this Policy, such claim will be 
allowed only if notice of the claim is submitted to us within 120 days from the date on which the 
covered expenses were first incurred.  However, if it was not reasonably possible to give notice 
within the above time limit, and notice was furnished, as soon as was reasonably possible, the 
submission date will be extended accordingly.  However, in no event will we pay benefits if 
notice of claim is made beyond one year from the date on which the expense was incurred. 
 