 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 86 OF 116 XI. CONTINUATION OF COVERAGE  
 
The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA) requires that 
employers with 20 or more employees offer continued medical coverage for eligible employees 
and their eligible dependents whose medical insurance would end due to a qualifying event. 
Employees of employers with fewer than 20 employees are not eligible for COBRA continuation 
of coverage.  However, loss of coverage is a qualifying event in the individual and family health 
insurance market and you should be able to find comparable coverage for you and your family.  
You should call your plan administrator or your employer if you have questions about your right 
to continue coverage under COBRA.  If you are no longer eligible for coverage under this group 
policy and you wish to purchase a plan for yourself or your family, please go to 
hometownhealth.com . 
To be eligible for continuation coverage under COBRA, you must meet the definition of a 
“Qualified Beneficiary.” A Qualified  Beneficiary is any of the following persons who is 
otherwise eligible for coverage and was a Member on the day before a qualifying event: 
1. An employee; 
2. An employee’s enrolled dependent, including with respect to the employee’s children, a 
child born to or placed for adoption with the employee during a period of continuation 
coverage under federal law; or 
3. An employee’s former spouse.  
A. Qualifying Events for Continuation Coverage under COBRA 
The following table outlines situations in which you may elect to continue coverage under 
COBRA for yourself and your dependents, if eligible, and the maximum length of time you can 
receive coverage.  These situations are considered qualifying events. 
If Cov erage E nds Because of the 
Following Qualifying Events:  You May El ect COBR A: 
For 
Yourself  For Your 
Spouse  For Your 
Child(ren)  
Your work hours are r educed 18 months 18 months 18 months 
Your e mployment terminates for any 
reason (other than gross miscondu ct) 18 months 18 months 18 months 
You or your family member b ecomes 
eligible for Social Security disability 
benefits at any time within the first 60 
days of losing coverage 29 months 29 months 29 months 
You die N/A 36 months 36 months 
You divo rce (or legally separate) N/A 36 months 36 months 
Your child is no lon ger an el igible 
family membe r (e.g., reaches the 
maximum age limit) N/A N/A 36 months 