 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 75 OF 116 ii. Step-children (children of the spouse or domestic partner) become eligible 
for coverage no earlier than the date the spouse or domestic partner 
becomes eligible for coverage.  If you choose not to enroll your spouse or 
domestic partner, but you would like to enroll your spouse’s or domestic 
partner’s child, in addition to the standard documentation required for a 
child, you will also be required to provide the applicable marriage 
certificate or domestic partnership certificate linking the child to you 
through your spouse or domestic partner. 
d. A disabled child age 26 or older is eligible for coverage if all of the following 
requirements are met: 
i. The child is a natural child, stepchild, or legally adopted child of either the 
Subscriber, the Subscriber’s spouse, or the Subscriber’s domestic partner ; 
ii. The child is incapable of self-sustaining employment due to a physical 
handicap or an intellectual disability; 
iii. The child is dependent on the Subscriber, the Subscriber’s spouse or the 
Subscriber’s domestic partner for support and maintenance;  
iv. The child’s condition originated before the child reached the age of 26; 
and 
v. Written proof of the child’s incapacity an d dependency is furnished within 
31 days after the child reaches age 26 and once a year beginning two (2) 
years after the child reaches age 26. 
e. A child for whom there is a Qualified Medical Child Support Order (QMCSO) or 
other court order.  Generally, a QMCSO is an order or judgment from a court or 
produced as a result of a state-authorized administrative process directing the 
Subscriber, covered spouse, or covered domestic partner to provide coverage to 
an eligible dependent.  The date the court order is effective is the date indicated 
on the QMCSO or, if the QMCSO does not include a specific date of coverage, 
the date the QMCSO was signed by the court. 
f. A legal ward of the Subscriber, spouse or domestic partner is eligible for coverage 
if the child is a legal ward (pursuant to court order) permanently placed in the 
home of the Subscriber, spouse or domestic partner and meets the other eligibility 
provisions of this EOC.  You will be required to provide a copy of the court order. 
Legal wards not permanently placed in the Subscriber ’s home, children placed in 
the Subscriber ’s home, or any other person not defined within this section are not 
eligible dependents. 
Dependents of a dependent child are not eligible for coverage other than the first 31 days 
of life. 
 
 
 