 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 34 OF 116 who specializes in obstetrics or gynecology.  The Professional, however, may be required 
to comply with certain procedures, including obtaining Prior Authorization for certain 
services, following a pre-approved treatment plan, or procedures for making referrals.  
For a list of participating Professionals who specialize in obstetrics or gynecology, go to 
hometownhealth.com . 
Notwithstanding anything in this EOC to the contrary, in the case of a person who has a 
child enrolled in coverage, we will permit such person to designate any pediatrician as a 
PCP if such pediatrician is a Participating Provider. 
Services that are not covered include:  
a. Amniocentesis to the extent that it is performed to determine the sex of the child. 
b. Non-newborn circumcisions after eight weeks of age unless Medically Necessary 
and we provide a Prior Authorization. 
19. Oral Surgery, Dental Services, and Temporomandibular Joint Disorder 
Medically Necessary oral surgery procedures are covered (inpatient or outpatient) related 
to the following situations.  These benefits are available to all covered members and not 
specifically limited to those members who are eligible for the Pediatric Dental Essential 
Health Benefits. 
a. Accidental Injury to the jaw bones or surrounding tissues when the Injury occurs 
and the repair takes place while a Member.  Services must commence within 90 
days after the accidental Injury.  (Services that commence after 90 days are not 
covered.); 
b. Treatment for tumors and cysts requiring pathological examination of the jaws, 
cheeks, lips, tongue, and roof and floor of the mouth; 
c. Non-dental surgical procedures and hospitalization required for newly born and 
children placed for adoption or newly adopted to treat congenital defects, such as 
cleft lip and cleft palate; 
d. Repair and restoration of sound and natural teeth from injuries that arise from 
non-gustatory trauma; 
e. Extraction of teeth when related to radiation therapy or in advance of an organ 
transplant (other than a corneal transplant); 
f. Medical or surgical procedures occurring within or adjacent to the oral cavity or 
sinuses including treatment of fractures; and 
g. Dental general anesthesia for a dependent child when services are rendered in a 
Hospital or outpatient surgical facility, when enrolled dependent child is being 
referred because, in the opinion of the dentist, the child: 
i. Is under 18 and has a physical, mental, or medically compromising 
condition; 
ii. Is under 18 and has dental needs for which local anesthesia is ineffective 
because of an Acute infection, an anatomic anomaly or an allergy; or 
iii. Is under age five (5). 