 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 39 OF 116 Centers of Excellence are facilities that meet Hometown Health’s vigorous credentialing 
requirements for the specific type of organ transplant.  A facility that is designated as a 
Center of Excellence for one type of organ transplant may not be designated as a Center 
of Excellence for another type of organ transplant.  Designation as a Center of Excellence 
is at Hometown Health’s sole discretion.  
Organ transplants are only covered where the organ donor’s suitability meets the 
OPTN/UNOS (Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network/United Network for 
Organ Sharing) donor evaluation and guideline criteria, when applicable. 
Coverage for related transplant services is limited to: 
a. Tests necessary to identify an organ donor; 
b. The reasonable expense of acquiring the donor organ; 
c. One (1) procurement per transplant benefit period.  The transplant benefit period 
begins on the date the Member first receives services directly related to evaluation 
as candidate for a covered transplant procedure, and ends on the earlier of the date 
12 months after the Covered Transplant is performed, or the date the member 
ceases to be a Member, subject to Nevada’s Essential Health Benefits.  
d. Transportation of the donor organ (but not the donor), and life support where such 
support is for the sole purpose of removing the donor organ; 
e. Storage costs of an organ, but only as part of an authorized treatment protocol; 
and 
f. Follow-up care. 
Services excluded from coverage include, but are not limited to: 
a. Services provided at a facility that has not been designated as a Hometown Health 
Center of Excellence are excluded. 
b. Services provided to an organ donor are excluded. 
c. Services provided in connection with purchasing or selling organs are excluded. 
d. Transplants utilizing any animal organs are excluded. 
e. Any transportation of the donor (as opposed to transportation of the donor organ 
only) is excluded. 
f. Any expenses associated with an organ transplant where an alternative remedy is 
available are excluded. 
g. Artificial heart implantation are excluded. 
h. Services for which government funding or other insurance coverage is available 
are excluded. 
i. Any expenses for transportation, lodging, and meals for services associated with 
the transplant including evaluations and the transplant and post transplant periods 
for the donor, donor’s family, recipient, or recipient’s family  are excluded. 