 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 103 OF 116 Claim for Benefits – A request for a benefit or benefits under this Policy made by you, including 
any pre-service claims (requests for prior authorization or pre-determination) and any post-
service claims. 
Expedited Appeal  – The process that you can use to request a review of an adverse benefit 
determination of an Urgent Care claim. 
Final Internal Adverse Benefit Determination  – An adverse benefit determination that we have 
upheld at the completion of our internal review process. 
Grievance Committee  – A committee that makes determinations of coverage for any 2nd level 
formal appeal.  The Grievance Committee is comprised of three or more persons, the 
majority of which must be Members insured by us.  The Grievance Committee is chaired by 
one of our executives or board members, or his or her designee, and is comprised of such 
other persons as the chairperson deems appropriate. 
Informal Appeal  – An appeal that you direct to our Customer Services department via phone or 
in person.  If an informal appeal is resolved to your satisfaction, the matter ends.  The 
informal appeal is a voluntary level of appeal. 
Urgent Care Claim  – A claim for medical care or treatment for which the application of the time 
periods for making non-Urgent Care determinations could seriously jeopardize your life, 
health, or ability to regain maximum function or, in the opinion of a Physician with 
knowledge of your medical condition, would subject you to sever pain that cannot be 
adequately managed without the care or treatment that is the subject of the claim.  The 
determination of whether a claim is an Urgent Care Claim will be made by an individual 
acting on our behalf applying the judgment of a prudent layperson who possesses an average 
knowledge of health and medicine. 
B. Internal Claims and Appeals Procedures 
1. Failure to Obtain Prior Authorization 
If you fail to follow our procedures for filing a pre-service claim, we will notify you of 
the failure and the proper procedures to be followed if your communication to us is 
received by a person or department customarily responsible for handling benefit matters 
and the communication specifically names your name, the specific medical condition or 
symptom, and the specific treatment, service, or product for which approval is requested.  
We will provide you with this notification as soon as possible, but no later than five days 
(72 hours in the case of an Urgent Care claim) following the failure.  Our notification 
may be oral unless you specifically requested in writing. 
2. Full and Fair Review 
We will permit you to review your claim file and to present evidence and testimony as 
part of our internal claims and appeals procedure.  Specifically: 
a. We will provide you, free of charge and sufficiently in advance of the date on 
which we provide a final adverse benefit determination to give you a reasonable 
opportunity to respond with any new or additional evidence that we consider, rely 
upon, or generate in connection with your claim; and 