 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 13 OF 116 Specialist or Specialty Care Physician  – A Professional who provides medical care in a specific 
branch of medicine generally referable to a particular bodily system or area. 
Subrogation  – A legal process whereby Hometown Health may seek reimbursement from a third 
party that is legally liable for a claim or a portion thereof. 
Subscriber  – A person who meets all applicable eligibility requirements of this EOC, whose 
enrollment form has been accepted by Hometown Health and in whose name the membership 
is established.  For group plans, the Subscriber is generally the employee.  For individual and 
family plans, the Subscriber is the Policy holder. 
Schedule of Benefits  – The document that describes the Cost Sharing and some of your rights 
and restrictions for your health insurance Policy provided by Hometown Health.  The 
Schedule of Benefits is a supplement to this EOC.  In case of conflicts between this EOC and 
your Schedule of Ben efits, this EOC shall be the document that determines the benefits or 
interpretation of those documents.  
Telehealth or Telemedicine – The delivery of services from a Provider to a Member at a 
different location through the use of information and audio-visual communication 
technology, not including standard telephone, facsimile or electronic mail.  
Tertiary Care  – The highest or most complex level of care for the treatment of a particular 
medical condition and not generally available in a community Hospital.  Tertiary care is 
specialized consultative care, usually on referral from primary or secondary medical care 
personnel, by Specialists working in a center that has personnel and facilities for special 
investigation and treatment. 
Urgent Care  – Medically Necessary services for a condition that requires prompt medical 
attention but is not an Emergenc y.   
Urgent Care Center services received from Out-of-Area Non-Participating Providers will be 
covered at the In-Network Copayment and Coinsurance level.  Because Hometown Health is 
not contracted with Non-Preferred Providers, the Non-Preferred Provider may balance bill 
you for the amount charged in excess of the Allowed Amount paid by Hometown Health.   
Urgent Care Center services received from Non-Participating Providers in Nevada will be 
covered at the Out-of-Network Cost Sharing rate. 
Usual and Customary  – The lesser of: 
 A Provider’s usual charge for furnishing a treatment, service, or supply;  or 
 The amount Hometown Health determines to be the general rate paid to others who 
render or furnish such treatment, service, or supply to individuals who reside in the same 
geographic area and whose conditions are comparable in nature and severity. 
Virtual Visit – An Urgent Care Telehealth visit delivered via the Member’s au dio and video 
enabled device.  
We, us, our, or Hometown Health  – Hometown Health Providers Insurance Company, Inc. 
You, your, or Member  – A person who meets all applicable eligibility requirements of this EOC 
and whose enrollment form we have accepted. 
 