 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 46 OF 116 Coverage will be based on an amount equal to the generally accepted cost of durable 
medical equipment that provides the Medically Necessary level of care at the lowest cost.  
In determining our liability, we will be guided by nationally established standards of the 
rental or purchase of such equipment. 
Items not covered under this benefit include, but are not limited to: dressings, any 
equipment or supply to condition the air, appliances, ambulatory apparatus, arch 
supports, support stockings, corrective footwear, orthotics or other supportive devices for 
the feet, heating pads, personal hygiene, comfort, care, convenience or beautification 
items, deluxe equipment, hearing aids, and any other primarily non-medical equipment, 
except as otherwise covered and described within this EOC. 
Also excluded are exercising equipment, vibratory or negative gravity equipment, 
swimming or therapy pools, spas, and whirlpools (even if recommended by a 
Professional to treat a medical condition). 
3. Enteral Formulas and Special Food Products 
Enteral formulas and special food products are covered if they are Medically Necessary 
for the treatment of an inherited metabolic disease.  An inherited metabolic disease is a 
disease caused by an inherited abnormality of the body chemistry of a person 
characterized by congenital defects or defects arising shortly after birth resulting in 
deficient metabolism, or malabsorption originating from amino acid, organic acid, 
carbohydrate, or fat.  Inherited metabolic diseases do not include obesity.  Special food 
products do not include foods that are naturally low in protein. 
Special food products are only covered if they are Medically Necessary and specially 
formulated to have less than one gram of protein per serving and are consumed under the 
direction of a Physician for the Medically Necessary dietary treatment of an inherited 
metabolic disease. 
Special formulas, food supplements, or special diets including, but not limited to, total 
parenteral nutrition, except for Acute episodes, are not covered. 
4. Hearing Aids 
Coverage is provided for repair and replacement of Medically Necessary hearing aids 
once every three years for each ear that requires a hearing aid.   
Hometown Health does not cover hearing aids that have functionality that is not 
Medically Necessary such as bluetooth and gps technology.   
Hearing Aids are only covered if obtained from approved Providers. 
5. Home Health Care 
Home health care covered under this section includes skilled nursing care, therapies, and 
other health related services provided in the home environment for other than 
convenience for patient or patient’s family, personal assistance, or maintenance of 
activities of daily living or housekeeping.  Covered home health care services under this 
part include home health care provided by a Professional as the nature of the Illness 
dictates. 
Excluded from coverage as home health care are: 