 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 85 OF 116 D. Certificate of Creditable Coverage 
When a member’s coverage with Hometown Health terminates, Hometown Health will send the 
Subscriber a Certificate of Creditable Coverage, which will identify the length of the M ember’s 
coverage with Hometown Health.  The Member may need this letter as proof of prior coverage 
when the Member enrolls with another company. 
E. What Hometown Health Will Pay for After Termination 
After the effective date of termination of a Member, Hometown will continue to pay claims that 
were incurred by the Member during the period of time the Member was covered under this 
Policy.  Payment of claims by Hometown Health is subject to normal claim payment procedures 
and limitations described elsewhere in this EOC. 
Hometown Health will not pay for any services provided after the M ember’s coverage ends , 
even if a Prior Authorization was received.  Hometown Health is only responsible for payment of 
expenses for covered services provided during the effective period of this Policy.  Hometown 
Health is not responsible for expenses incurred after coverage under this Policy is terminated or 
following any amendment(s) made to this Policy in accordance with applicable law that may 
affect a change in such payment.  Benefits cease on the date the M ember’s coverage ends as 
described above.  A Member may be responsible for benefit payments made on behalf of the 
Member for services provided after the M ember’s  effective date of termination, even if the 
termination was retroactive. 
Hometown Health will not cover services received after the M ember’s  date of the termination 
regardless of whether: 
1. Hometown Health issued a Prior authorization for the services; 
2. The services were made necessary by an accident, illness or other event that occurred 
while the coverage was in effect; 
3. The member was hospitalized at the time of the termination; or 
4. For any other reason. 
  