 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 95 OF 116 H. Coordination of Benefits 
Notwithstanding any coordination of benefits rules provided in this EOC, benefits under this 
Policy will be secondary to any no-fault auto insurance. 
I. Allocation of Amounts Recovered by Us 
Our lien includes attorney’s fees and the costs of collection .  If our lien is satisfied by direct 
recovery, the remainder, if any, will be paid to you or your eligible dependent or to your 
representative or estate. 
J. No Benefits Where Compensation Has Already Been Received 
We will not pay out benefits to you to the extent you or your eligible dependent have already 
received compensation for your Injury. 
K. Scope of Rights 
These subrogation and reimbursement provisions will be interpreted by us, in our sole discretion, 
to permit us to obtain full satisfaction of any lien or right to reimbursement from you or your 
eligible dependent or any other person who received payment on your behalf (including, but not 
limited to, a parent, spouse, guardian, or estate).  We may, in our sole discretion, allocate the 
responsibility for reimbursement or satisfaction of a lien among you, your eligible dependents, 
and any other person, such as your legal counsel or your eligible dependents’ legal counsel.  
L. Right to Receive and Release Information 
Subject to the our obligation under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 
1996, or any other applicable law, for the purpose of implementing these subrogation and 
reimbursement provisions, we may, without the consent of or notice to any person, release to or 
obtain from any insurance company, other organization or person any information that we regard 
as necessary, with respect to you or your eligible dependent claiming benefits under this Policy.  
When you are claiming benefits under this Policy, you and your eligible dependents, must 
furnish us with the information needed to enforce the subrogation and reimbursement provisions. 
M. Our Right to Terminate Your Coverage and/or Offset Future Benefits 
We may terminate your coverage and/or offset your future benefits for the value of benefits 
advanced in the event that that we do not recover, if you do not provide the information, 
authorizations, or otherwise cooperate in a manner that we considers necessary to exercise its 
rights or privileges under this Policy. 
N. Effect of Our Interpretation 
We will have the exclusive discretionary power to construe provisions of this Policy. 
O. Heirs and Estate of Any Covered Person 
Our rights under this section remain enforceable against the heirs and estate of any covered 
person. 
  