 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 63 OF 116 13. Experimental and investigational drugs, including drugs labeled “Caution -limited by 
Federal Law to Investigation use”  are excluded. 
14. Drugs either not approved by the FDA as “safe and effective” as of the date this Benefit 
Plan was issued or, if so approved, that the FDA has not approved for either inpatient or 
outpatient use are excluded. 
15. Drugs prescribed for a use, condition or diagnosis that was not included in the FDA’s 
approval of the drug (off-label prescribed drugs) are excluded. 
16. Fertility drugs, drugs for gene therapy, nicotine patches and gum, oxygen, laxatives 
unless otherwise provided herein or pursuant to the EOC and nutritional additives or any 
prescription medication or formulation with nutritional or vitamin additives are excluded 
17. Growth hormone drugs for persons 18 years or older are excluded. Growth hormone 
therapy for the treatment of documented growth hormone deficiency in children for 
whom epiphyseal closure has not occurred is covered when a Prior Authorization is 
received and are supplied by Hometown Health’s preferred vendor for the medicat ion. 
18. Immunization or immunological agents, including but not limited to biological sera, 
blood, blood plasma or other blood products administered on an outpatient basis, 
antihemophilic factors, including tissue plasminogen activator (TPA),  allergy sera and 
testing materials, unless otherwise provided herein or pursuant to the EOC are excluded. 
19. Medical supplies, devices and equipment and nonmedical supplies or substances are 
excluded regardless of their intended use. 
20. Medications approved by the FDA for less than six months are excluded unless the 
Hometown Health Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee, at its sole discretion, decides 
to waive this exclusion with respect to a particular drug. 
21. Medications for impotence or erectile dysfunction are excluded. 
22. Medication consumed or administered at the place where it is dispensed or while a 
member  is in a hospital or similar facility are excluded.  Take-home prescriptions 
dispensed from a hospital  pharmacy upon discharge are excluded unless the pharmacy is 
a Participating Retail Pharmac y. 
23. Over-the-counter drugs, medicines and other substances for which a prescription order is 
not required regardless of whether the drug was prescribed by a physician, or for which 
an over-the-counter product equivalent in strength is available are excluded, unless the 
drug is required to be covered by law. 
24. Drugs consumed in a physician’s office are excluded except as otherwise provided herein 
or in the EOC. 
25. Performance, athletic performance or lifestyle enhancement drugs and supplies are 
excluded. 
26. Prescription drugs purchased from outside of the United States are excluded except from 
Canadian pharmacies licensed by the Nevada State Board of Pharmacy.  A list of licensed 
Canadian pharmacies can be found on the Nevada State Board of Pharmacy website: 
www.bop.nv.gov . 