 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 11 OF 116 Authorization procedures which may result in you receiving services that are not covered, 
not Medically Necessary or are otherwise excluded from coverage under this Benefit Plan . 
Office Visit  – An office or outpatient visit consists of counseling and/or coordination of care 
with a physician, a qualified health care professional, or an agency consistent with the nature 
of the problem(s) and the patient’s and/or family’s needs. Usually, the pres enting problem(s) 
are self-limited or minor. Typically, 10 minutes are spent face- to-face with the patient and/or 
family. 
Open Enrollment Period  – The period of time prior to the beginning of your Employer’s Policy 
year during which you may enroll in any group Hometown Health plan for which you are 
eligible. 
Out-of-Area  – Outside of Nevada and outside the area in surrounding states that is within 50 
miles of the Nevada border. 
Out-of-Network  – The receipt of services from a Non-Preferred Provider resulting in the 
Member paying more than if the services were received In-Network.  For Emergency or Out-
of-Area Urgent Care Center services received from a Non-Participating Provider, the 
Member will pay the standard Member Cost Sharing for that service plus any amount billed 
by the Non-Participating Provider that is greater than the Allowed Amount.  
Out-of-Pocket Maximum  – The most a Member or Family will pay for Covered Services in a 
calendar year.  
In-Network Copayments, Coinsurance and Deductibles paid by Members count towards the 
In-Network Out-of-Pocket Maximum.  Out-of-Network Coinsurance paid by Members 
counts toward the Out- of-Network Out-of-Pocket Maximum.  However, Deductibles and 
Copayments for Out-of-Network benefits do not apply to the Out- of-Pocket Maximum. 
The Out-of-Pocket Maximum does not include Premiums, cost-sharing for non-covered 
services, expenses associated with denied claims, Ancillary Charges and amounts that Non-
Participating Providers bill and are payable that are greater than the Allowed Amount.  
If coverage is extended to qualified dependents and the family In-Network Out-of-Pocket 
Maximum has been paid, no further payment is required to be paid on the Member’s behalf  
for In-Network Covered Services.  If coverage is extended to qualified dependents and the 
family Out- of-Network Out-of-Pocket Maximum has been paid, no further Coinsurance 
payment is required to be paid on the Member’s behalf for Out -of-Network Covered 
Services. 
Outpatient Observation  – A well-defined set of specific, clinically appropriate services, which 
include ongoing short-term treatment, assessment, and reassessment before medical staff 
members can decide whether a patient needs additional treatment as an inpatient or can be 
discharged from the Hospital, generally limited to a maximum of 48 hours. 
Partial Hospitalization  – The continuous treatment for at least four hours but not more than 12 
hours in any period of 24 consecutive hours.  Partial hospitalization services can be 
performed in a Hospital or treatment center facility. 
Physician  – A licensed doctor of medicine, osteopathy, dentistry, or podiatry.  