 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 36 OF 116 a. Devices that are required to substitute for the missing or non-functioning body 
part or organ; 
b. Devices provided in connection to an Illness or Injury that occurred subsequent to 
your effective date of coverage; 
c. Adjustment of initial prosthetic device; 
d. The first pair of eyeglasses or contact lenses (up to the Medicare allowable) 
immediately following cataract surgery; 
Repair and replacement of prosthetic devices is not covered  except in limited situations 
involving mastectomy reconstructive surgery. 
21. Ostomy Care Supplies 
Coverage is provided for Medically Necessary care and supplies after colon, ileum, or 
bladder surgery to assist in carrying on normal activities with a minimum of 
inconvenience. 
22. Partial Hospitalization Services 
Partial hospitalization services are covered for mental illness and substance abuse 
according to the benefits listed in the Schedule of Benefits that accompanies this EOC.  
The same services covered for inpatient services are also covered for partial 
hospitalization.  One inpatient day is defined as an admission to a facility for more than 
12 hours of treatment.  One partial treatment day is defined as no less than three and no 
more than 12 hours of therapy per day.  Partial day treatment is covered only when the 
member receives care through a day treatment program.  Every two partial-day 
treatments count as one full inpatient day and will be applied against the member’s 
maximum inpatient benefit. 
23. Podiatry Services 
Podiatry services are covered for the Medically Necessary treatment of Acute conditions 
of the foot such as infections, inflammation, or Injury and other foot care that is disease 
related. 
The following services are not covered: 
a. Non-symptomatic foot care such as the removal of warts (except plantar warts); 
corns or calluses; and including but not limited to podiatry treatment of bunions, 
toenails, flat feet, fallen arches, and Chronic foot strain; and 
b. Routine foot care. 
24. Preventive Services 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this EOC, the following preventive services 
will be covered without any Member cost-sharing if such services are provided by a 
Participating Provider: 
a. Periodic physical examinations and routine immunizations; 