 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 17 OF 116 III. NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES  
 
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND 
DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION .  PLEASE REVIEW 
IT CAREFULLY . 
If you have any questions about this notice, please contact Hometown Health Customer Service 
at 775-982-3232 or 800-336-0123. 
A. Who Will Follow This Notice 
This notice describes the practices of Hometown Health Plan, Inc., and Hometown Health 
Providers Insurance Company, Inc. (collectively referred to as “Hometown Health”) and their 
respective employees. 
B. Our Pledge Regarding Medical Information 
We understand that medical information about you and your health is personal.  We are 
committed to protecting your medical information, including nonpublic personal financial 
information relating to your healthcare.  We create a record of your benefits and eligibility status 
and claims history.  We need this record to provide you with quality healthcare benefits and to 
comply with certain legal requirements.  Hospitals, Physicians, and other Providers providing 
healthcare services to our Members may have different policies or notices regarding their uses 
and disclosures of your medical information. 
This notice will tell you about the ways in which we may use and disclose medical information 
about you.  We also describe your rights and certain obligations we have regarding the use and 
disclosure of medical information. 
We are required by law to: 
1. Make sure that medical information that identifies you is kept private; 
2. Give you this notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to medical 
information about you; and 
3. Follow the terms of the notice that is currently in effect. 
C. Information About Our Members 
In the course of providing healthcare benefits, we may receive the following information about 
you: 
1. Information provided by you on applications, forms, surveys and our Web site, such as 
your name, address, date of birth, Social Security number, gender, marital status and 
dependents. 
2. Information about your transactions and experiences with our health plan and our 
affiliates, such as: services purchased, account balances, payment history, claims history, 
Policy coverage, and Premiums. 
3. Information from consumer or medical reporting agencies, medical providers or third 
parties, such as medical information and demographic information. 