 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 18 OF 116 4. Information provided by your employer, benefits plan sponsor or association regarding 
any group coverage you may have. 
D. How We Protect Your Medical Information 
At Hometown Health, we restrict access to your medical information to those employees who 
need it to provide services to you and your dependents.  We maintain physical, electronic, and 
procedural safeguards to protect your medical information against unauthorized access and use.  
For example, access to our facilities is limited to authorized personnel, and we protect 
information we maintain electronically through the use of a variety of technical tools.  We have 
also established a Privacy Office, which has overall responsibility for developing, educating 
company personnel about, and overseeing the implementation of policies and procedures to 
safeguard medical information against inappropriate access, use, and disclosure, consistent with 
applicable law. 
E. How We May Use and Disclose Medical Information About You 
Hometown Health will not disclose your medical information to anyone, except with your 
authorization or otherwise as permitted by law.  For some activities, we must have your written 
authorization to use or disclose your medical information.  The law, however, permits 
Hometown Health to use or disclose your medical information for the following purposes 
without your authorization: 
1. For Treatment .  We may use and disclose your medical information during the 
provision, coordination, or management of healthcare and related services among 
healthcare providers, consultation between healthcare providers regarding your care, or 
the referral of care from one health care provider to another. For example, a clinician 
providing a vaccination to you may need to know if you are ill because a vaccine may not 
be appropriate. The clinician may refer you to a doctor and may also need to tell the 
doctor about your illness so that we can arrange for appropriate medical services. 
2. For Payment .  We may use and disclose your medical information to pay for your 
medical benefits under our health plan.  These activities may include determining 
eligibility or coverage under a health plan, billing and collection activities, reviewing 
health care services for medical necessity, and performing utilization review. For 
example, to make payment for a healthcare claim, we may review medical information to 
make sure that the medical services provided to you were necessary. 
3. For Healthcare Operations .  We may use and disclose medical information about you 
for health plan operations.  These uses and disclosures are necessary to run the health 
plan and make sure that all of our Members receive quality benefits and customer service.  
Here are some examples of the ways that we use your medical information for our 
healthcare operations: 
a. We may use general health information but not reveal your identity in the 
publication of newsletters that offer Members information on various healthcare 
issues such as asthma, diabetes, and breast cancer. 
b. Administration of Hometown Health plans or contracts, which, where applicable, 
may involve claims management; utilization review and management; data and 
information systems management; medical necessity review; coordination of care, 