 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 59 OF 116 inadequacy, or enhancement, including penile implants and prosthetics, injections, and 
durable medical equipment are excluded. 
29. Any off-label use of growth hormone is excluded; 
30. Coverage for human growth hormone or equivalent is excluded unless specifically 
covered and described within the EOC. 
31. Cryopreservation or storage charges for collection and storage of biologic materials, 
including umbilical cord blood, for artificial reproduction or any other purpose are 
excluded. 
32. Platelet rich plasma and stem cell related musculoskeletal injections are excluded. 
33. All experimental or investigational medical, surgical, or other health care procedures and 
all transplants are excluded except as otherwise described within the EOC.  We will 
consider a procedure or treatment as experimental or investigational as follows: 
a. If outcome data from randomized controlled clinical trials, recommendations from 
consensus panels, national medical associations, or other technology evaluation 
bodies and from authoritative, peer-reviewed US medical or scientific literature: 
i. Is insufficient to show that the procedure or treatment is safe, effective, or 
superior to existing therapy; or 
ii. Does not conclusive ly demonstrate that the service or therapy improves 
the net health outcomes for total appropriate population for whom the 
service might be rendered or proposed over the current diagnostic or 
therapeutic interventions, even in the event that the service, drug, 
biological, or treatment may be recognized as a treatment or service for 
another condition, screening, or Illness; 
b. If the procedure or treatment has not been deemed consistent with accepted 
medical practice by the National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug 
Administration, or Medicare; 
c. When the drug, biologic, device, product, equipment, procedure, treatment, 
service, or supply cannot be legally marketed in the United States without the 
final approval of the Food and Drug Administration or any other state or federal 
regulatory agency, and such final approval has not been granted for that particular 
indication, condition, or disease; 
d. When a nationally recognized medical society states in writing that the procedure 
or treatment is experimental; or 
e. When the written protocols used by a facility performing the procedure or 
treatment state that it is experimental. 
Clinical trials may still be covered even if the procedure or treatment is otherwise 
experimental or investigational.  Refer to the Clinical Trials section (Chapter IV, Part A, 
Item 7 – Clinical Trials) of this EOC for more information. 
34. Experimental, ecological, or environmental medicine is excluded, including, but not 
limited to the use of chelation or chelation therapy except for Acute arsenic, gold, 