 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 42 OF 116 e. Surgical procedures, including the services of a surgeon or Specialist, assistant, 
and anesthetist or anesthesiologist together with preoperative and postoperative 
care; 
f. Outpatient, short-term rehabilitative services; 
g. Outpatient alcohol and substance abuse rehabilitation services in a Hospital, 
Hospital residential treatment facility, or day treatment program; and 
h. Outpatient mental health services. 
Medically Necessary short-term outpatient habilitative and rehabilitative services are 
covered for: 
a. Short-term speech, physical, and occupational habilitative and rehabilitative 
therapy for Acute conditions that are subject to significant clinical improvement 
over a 90-day period from the date outpatient therapy commences to maintain 
function in an individual (see Schedule of Benefits for visit limits); and 
b. Services for cardiac rehabilitation and pulmonary rehabilitation (see Schedule of 
Benefits for visit limits ). 
Medically Necessary services such as radiation therapy and chemotherapy (including 
chemotherapy drugs), are covered to the extent that such services are delivered in the 
most appropriate clinical manner and setting as part of a treatment plan. 
Services that are not covered under this benefit include: 
a. Any services or supplies furnished in an institution that is primarily a place of 
rest, a place for the aged, a custodial facility, or any similar institution; 
b. Private duty nursing and private rooms in an inpatient setting; 
c. Personal, beautification, or comfort items for use while in a Hospital or skilled 
nursing facility; and 
d. Services related to psychosocial rehabilitation or care received as a custodial 
inpatient. 
 
C. EMERGENCY SERVICES  
 
1. General 
Medically Necessary medical and Hospital services are covered in the case of an 
Emergency.  Emergency care is available through Participating Providers 24 hours per 
day, seven days per week.  If you have an Emergency: 
a. Get help as soon as possible .  Call 911 for help or go to the nearest Emergency 
room, Hospital, or other Emergency facility.  Call an ambulance if necessary. 
b. Notify Hometown Health about your Emergency no later than 24 hours or 
the next business day .  We need to follow up on your Emergency care. 