 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 77 OF 116 dependent status, death, termination of employment, reduction in the number of 
hours of employment, a permanent move, exhaustion of COBRA benefits, 
termination due to a loss of a plan’s availability, or loss of Medicaid or other 
government program coverage. 7 
Loss of coverage does not include cessation of coverage due to your failure to pay 
premiums, including COBRA premiums prior to the expiration of COBRA 
coverage, fraud or situations that allow for a rescission of your coverage); 8 
You must provide proof that you had other coverage and the date such coverage 
ended. 
b. Gain of a dependent – You acquire a new dependent as a result of a birth, 
adoption, placement for adoption or through a QMCSO or other court order.  You 
must provide the birth certificate, certificate of adoption, placement for adoption 
or foster care, QMCSO or other court order; 
c. Gain of a dependent through marriage – You acquire a new dependent as a result 
of marriage or domestic partnership.  To be eligible for coverage, you must 
provide the marriage certificate or certificate of domestic partnership; 
d. New Employee – If you are a ne w employee, you may be elig ible to apply fo r 
coverage after you satisf y any probationary o r waiting period as defined b y your 
employer ’s elig ibility prov isions.  To apply for coverage, you must complete an 
enrollment appli cation within 30 days of the initial effective date. 
Coverage for newly eligible employees and any dependents meeting the necessary 
requirements for enrollment will be effective on the employee’s initial effective 
date.  You may be required to provide additional documentation.  Such 
documentation must be provided to Hometown Health within 30 days of the 
request.  If you are a newly eligible employee and do not complete enrollment 
application and provide any other necessary documentation by the deadlines 
provided above, you and your dependents will not be allowed to enroll until the 
employer’s next open enrollment period unless a qualifying status change event 
occurs, as described below. 
Only you, your spouse or domestic partner and the dependent child who has t he Qualifying 
Life Event is elig ible for enrollment.  Othe r individuals who do not have current 
coverage, would not be elig ible to enroll a t this time, unless they also have a qual ifying 
event.9  
For example, for a birth, the Subscriber may enroll the Subscriber’s spouse/domestic 
partner and/or the newborn, together or individually, but not any other siblings.  For a 
marriage, the Subscriber may enroll the Subscriber’s new spouse/domestic partnership 
and the spouse’s/domestic partner’s children, but not the Subscriber’s children.  
                                                 
7 45 CFR § 146. 117(a); 26 CFR § 54.9801-6(a)  
8 45 CFR § 146. 117(a)(3)(iii) ; 45 CFR § 144.103 ; 26 CFR § 54.9801-6(a)(3)(iii) ; 26 CFR § 54.9801-2  
9 45 CFR § 146.117(b)  