 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 92 OF 116 By accepting benefits under this Policy to pay for treatments, devices, or other products or 
services related to such Illness or Injury, you agree that we have rights of recovery, 
reimbursement and subrogation to the extent of any benefits paid for an Illness or Injury that 
is caused or compensated by a third party. 
B. Subrogation Rights 
Our subrogation rights come into play when we pay benefits on your behalf or on behalf of your 
dependent for an Illness or Injury for which you receive, or have a right to receive, compensation 
of any kind (whether by a court judgment, settlement, or otherwise).  In these situations, we will 
be subrog ated to your (or your dependent’s) recovery, or right to recovery, of compensation for 
your damages from any person, insurance company, other benefits plan or any other 
organization.  This means that we “stand in your shoes”— we assume your right to receive the 
compensation from the other person, their insurance company, their benefits plan, or any other 
organization to the full extent of the medical benefits paid. 
Damages will include, but will not be limited to, compensation received and/or claimed fo r 
personal injury and/or property loss and/or medical expenses.  Our subrogation rights will not be 
decreased, restricted, or eliminated in any way if you or your dependent recover or have the right 
to recover no-fault insurance benefits. 
C. Reimbursement Rights 
If you or your dependent obtain any recovery —regardless of how it’s designated or structured—  
from or on behalf of any insurance company or any third party responsible for the condition 
giving rise to the medical expense, you or your dependent may be responsible for fully and 
completely reimbursing us for all payments made by us to or on behalf of you and/or your 
dependents for such a medical expense.  We may have the right to a full and complete 
reimbursement from you or your dependents of all payments made by us, from any recovery you 
or your dependent obtains from any insurance company or any responsible third party even if 
you or your dependents have not or will not be fully compensated or made whole for the Injuries 
caused by the responsible third party. 
D. Equitable Lien 
By accepting benefits under this Policy, you and your dependents agree to an equitable lien by 
agreement against any recovery you may receive in an action against a third party who caused an 
Injury or Illness which resulted in us paying medical expenses for you or your dependents.  As a 
result, you and your dependents must repay to us the benefits paid on your behalf out of the 
amounts recovered from the other person or their insurance company, benefits plan, or any other 
organization.  Our right of reimbursement applies even if your claims and your dependents’ 
claims are settled without an admission of fault and even if you or your eligible dependent 
recover or have the right to recover no-fault insurance benefits.  We have a lien on any amount 
recovered by you or your eligible dependents, regardless of whether the amount is 
designated as payment for medical expenses.  Our lien arises through operation of the 
Policy.  No additional reimbursement agreement is necessary.  This lien will remain in 
effect until we are reimbursed in full. 
 