 H OMETOWN HEALTH  
 
 
2018  SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  P AGE 43 OF 116 Emergency medical and Hospital services are limited to situations that require immediate 
and unexpected treatment.  You should notify your PCP and our customer service 
department as soon as possible following receiving Emergency services. 
Notwithstanding anything in this EOC to the contrary, coverage for Emergency services 
will be provided: 
a. Without the need for any Prior Authorization; 
b. Without regard to whether the Provider furnishing the Emergency services is a 
Participating Provider with respect to the services; 
c. If the Emergency services are provided Out-of-Network: 
i. Without imposing any administrative requirement or limitation on 
coverage that is more restrictive than the requirements or limitations that 
apply to Emergency services received from Participating Providers; 
ii. At the same Copayment or Coinsurance level imposed for In-Network 
Emergency services; and 
d. Without regard to any other terms or condition of such coverage other than 
exclusion, coordination of benefits or applicable cost-sharing. 
2. Medical care and notification. 
Out-of-Network Medically Necessary Emergency services are covered only if we are 
notified no more than 24 hours after onset of the Emergency or the next business day, 
except as provided in this section. 
3. Extended Notification 
If you are unable to contact us before you receive Emergency medical services or within 
24 hours of the Emergency due to shock, unconsciousness, or otherwise, you must, at the 
earliest time reasonably possible, contact our customer services department to provide us 
with information about the event and relevant circumstances. 
4. Follow-U p Care (outside our Geographic Service Area/non-contracted facility) 
Continuing or follow-up treatment for an Emergency service outside of our Geographic 
Service Area or from a Non-Preferred Provider is limited to care required before you can, 
without harmful or injurious consequences, return to our Geographic Service Area and 
receive care from Participating Providers as determined by Us.  Benefits for continuing or 
follow-up treatment(s) are otherwise covered only in our Geographic Service Area from 
Participating Providers, subject to all provisions of this EOC.  Routine or non-Emergency 
follow-up care at a Non-Preferred Provider Emergency room facility is not covered . 
5. Balance Billing 
Balance Billing is a practice in which a Non-Participating Provider bills you for amounts 
in excess of the allowed amount.  This usually occurs during Emergency or Out-of-Area 
Urgent Care Center visits when Hometown Health does not have the opportunity to 
negotiate a price with a Non-Participating Provider prior to the provision of services 
Services should be provided at a Participating Provider unless the medical condition is 
considered an Emergency or an Out-of-Area Urgent Care Center visit.  You may go to a 