 
 
HOMETOWN HEALTH PROVIDERS INSURANCE COMPANY , INC. 
SMALL GROUP PPO  PLAN 
2018  EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE  
 
 
REVISION DATE: SEPTEMBER 28, 2017  P AGE 1 OF 116 
This Evidence of Coverage (EO C) describes your health insurance provided by Hometown Health 
Providers Insurance Company, Inc.  (Hometown Health), an insurance company licensed by the 
State of Nevada to provide or arrange for the provision of health care services on behalf of its 
members.  It includes benefits, exclusions, limita tions, and appli cable administ rative policies, 
rights, responsibilities, and pro cedures for your health insurance Policy.  R efer to your Schedule 
of Ben efits for Policy- specific Cost Sharing information not des cribed within this EOC.  In case 
of conflicts between this EOC and your Schedule of Ben efits, this EOC shall be the document 
that determines the benefits or interpretation of those documents. 
 
Network.  This Policy is an open access Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) plan that provides 
access to a large network of Preferred Providers who have contracts with Hometown Health and 
OneHealth LLC, our southern Nevada PPO Network.  Services from Preferred Providers will 
generally be paid at the In-Network benefit level.  Members may also seek services from Non-
Preferred Providers (Out-of-Network), generally at a reduced benefit level (higher cost to the 
Member).  Out- of-Network services may be paid at the In-Network coinsurance and copayment 
level if the services are rendered as part of an Emergency room visit, an Urgent Care Center visit 
received Out-of-Area, or they have been previously approved by Hometown Health to be pa id at 
the In-Network Benef it Level.  Generally, those Members who live or work in the State of Nevada 
will only have access to the Hometown Health and OneHealth networks of Providers at the In-
Network benefit level; they will not have access to our national network at the In-Network benefit 
level.  Those Members who live and work outside the State of Nevada will have access to the 
Hometown Health and OneHealth networks and our national network of Providers and will be 
able to receive services from those Providers at the In-Network benefit level. 
 
Prescription Drug Coverage.  Members must utilize the Hometown Rx Premier Pharmacy 
Network.  This Policy does not cover drugs which are purchased from pharmacies that are not 
part of the Hometown Rx Premier Pharmacy Network .  Members must work with their doctors to 
select drugs that are included in the HometownRx Standard Prescription Drug List.   This Policy 
does not cover drugs which are not included in the Hometo wnRx Standard Prescription Drug 
List. 
 
Pediatric Coverage.  This Policy provides pediatric vision coverage and may provide pediatric 
dental coverage (see your Schedule of Ben efits for specific benefits) for those members under the 
age of 19, with corresponding vision and dental networks of Preferred Providers.  Lists of 
Preferred Providers for each for these networks and the medical and pharmacy networks are 
available at hometownhealth.com . 
 
Geographic Service Area.  This Policy is available only to employees (and their eligible 
dependents) of employers whose primary business location is located in Carson City and 
Churchill, Clark, Douglas, Eureka, Esmeralda, Humboldt, Lander, Lincoln, Lyon, Mineral, Nye, 
Pershing, Storey and Washoe counties.  Additional eligibility requirements are detailed in this 