If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
149Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
 
Level 3 Appeal  
 
Level 3 of the appeals process is an ALJ hearing. The person who makes the decision is an ALJ or an 
attorney adjudicator who works for the federal government.  
 
If the ALJ or attorney adjudicator says Yes  to your appeal:  
The appeals process is over.•
We must authorize or provide the approved drug coverage within 72 hours (or 24 hours for an 
expedited appeal) or make payment no later than 30 calendar days after we get the decision.•
If the ALJ or attorney adjudicator says No to your appeal, the appeals process may not be over.  
If you decide to accept  this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over. •
If you decide not to accept  this decision that turns down your appeal, you can continue to the next 
level of the review process. The notice you get will tell you what to do for a Level 4 Appeal.•
Level 4 Appeal  
 
The Council reviews your appeal and gives you an answer. The Council is part of the federal government.  
 
If the Council says Yes  to your appeal:  
The appeals process is over.•
We must authorize or provide the approved drug coverage within 72 hours (or 24 hours for an 
expedited appeal) or make payment no later than 30 calendar days after we get the decision.•
If the Council says No to your appeal, the appeals process may not be over.  
If you decide  to accept  this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over. •
If you decide not to accept  this decision that turns down your appeal, you may be able to continue 
to the next level of the review process. The notice you get will tell you if you can go on to a Level 5 
Appeal and what to do.•
Level 5 Appeal  
A Federal District Court judge will review your appeal and all of the information and decide Yes  or 
No. This is the final decision. There are no other appeal levels beyond the Federal District Court.•
K. How to make a complaint
 
K1. What kinds of problems should be complaints
 
The complaint process is used for certain types of problems only, such as problems related to quality of 
care, waiting times, coordination of care, and customer service. Here are examples of the kinds of 
problems handled by the complaint process.  