If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
91Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
change its coverage rules or limits.
We may not tell you before we make this change, but we send you information about the 
specific change we made once it happens.○
You or your provider can ask for an “exception” from these changes. We send you a notice 
with the steps you can take to ask for an exception. Refer to Chapter 9  of your Evidence of 
Coverage  for more information on exceptions.○
A drug is taken off the market . If the FDA says a drug you are taking is not safe or the drug’s 
manufacturer takes a drug off the market, we take it off our Drug List. If you are taking the drug, we 
tell you.•
Your prescriber will also know about this change, and can work with you to find another drug 
for your condition.•
We may make other changes that affect the drugs you take . We tell you in advance about these other 
changes to our Drug List. These changes might happen if:  
The FDA provides new guidance or there are new clinical guidelines about a drug.•
We add a generic drug that is not new to the market and
Replace a brand name drug currently on our Drug List or ○
Change the coverage rules or limits for the brand name drug. ○•
When these changes happen, we:  
Tell you at least 30 days before we make the change to our Drug List or •
Let you know and give you a 30 ‑day supply of the drug after you ask for a refill. •
This gives you time to talk to your doctor or other prescriber. They can help you decide:  
If there is a similar drug on our Drug List you can take instead or •
If you should ask for an exception from these changes. To learn more about asking for exceptions, 
refer to  Chapter 9  of your Evidence of Coverage .•
We may make changes to drugs you take that do not affect you now.  For such changes, if you are 
taking a drug we covered at the beginning  of the year, we generally do not remove or change coverage of 
that drug during the rest of the year.  
 
For example, if we remove a drug you are taking or limit its use, then the change does not affect your use 
of the drug for the rest of the year.
 
F. Drug coverage in special cases
 
F1. In a hospital or a skilled nursing facility for a stay that our plan covers
 
If you are admitted to a hospital or skilled nursing facility for a stay our plan covers, we generally cover the 
cost of your prescription drugs during your stay. You will not pay a copay. Once you leave the hospital or 
skilled nursing facility, we cover your drugs as long as the drugs meet all of our coverage rules.
 