If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
83Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
Pharmacies that supply drugs for residents of a long ‑term care facility, such as a nursing facility.
Usually, long ‑term care facilities have their own pharmacies. If you’re a resident of a long ‑term 
care facility, we make sure you can get the drugs you need at the facility’s pharmacy.○
If your long ‑term care facility’s pharmacy is not in our network or you have difficulty getting 
your drugs in a long ‑term care facility, contact Member Services.○•
Pharmacies that serve the Indian Health Service/Tribal/Urban Indian Health Program. Except in 
emergencies, only Native Americans or Alaska Natives may use these pharmacies.•
Pharmacies that dispense drugs that are restricted by the FDA to certain locations or that require 
special handling, provider coordination, or education on their use. (Note: This scenario should 
happen rarely.)•
To find a specialized pharmacy, look in the Provider and Pharmacy Directory,  visit our website, or contact 
Member Services.
 
A6. Using mail ‑order services to get your drugs
 
For certain kinds of drugs, you can use our plan’s network mail ‑order services. Generally, drugs available 
through mail ‑order are drugs that you take on a regular basis for a chronic or long ‑term medical condition. 
Drugs available through our plan’s mail ‑order service are marked as mail ‑order drugs in our Drug List.  
 
Our plan’s mail ‑order service allows you to order up to a 100 ‑day supply.  
 
Filling prescriptions by mail  
To get order forms and information about filling your prescriptions by mail, visit our website 
(AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP ) or contact Member Services.  
 
Usually, a mail ‑order prescription arrives within 10 days. If the mail‑order pharmacy expects the order to 
be delayed, they will notify you of the delay. If you need to request a rush order because of a mail‑order 
delay, you may contact Member Services to discuss options which may include filling at a local retail 
pharmacy or expediting the shipping method. Provide the representative with your ID number and 
prescription number(s). If you want second ‑day or next ‑day delivery of your medications, you may request 
this from the Member Services representative for an additional charge.  
 
Mail ‑order processes  
 
Mail ‑order service has different procedures for new prescriptions it gets from you, new prescriptions it 
gets directly from your provider’s office, and refills on your mail ‑order prescriptions.  
 
1. New prescriptions the pharmacy gets from you   
 
The pharmacy automatically fills and delivers new prescriptions it gets from you.  
 
2. New prescriptions the pharmacy gets from your provider’s office  
 
The pharmacy automatically fills and delivers new prescriptions it gets from health care providers, without 
checking with you first, if:  