If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
42Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Acupuncture  (continued)  
lasting 12 weeks or longer;•
not specific (having no systemic cause that can be 
identified, such as not associated with metastatic, 
inflammatory, or infectious disease);•
not associated with surgery; and •
not associated with pregnancy.•
Acupuncture treatments must be stopped if you don’t get 
better or if you get worse.
Alcohol misuse screening and counseling  
 
We pay for one alcohol ‑misuse screening for adults who 
misuse alcohol but are not alcohol dependent. This includes 
pregnant women.  
 
If you screen positive for alcohol misuse, you can get up to 
four brief, face ‑to‑face counseling sessions each year (if you 
are able and alert during counseling) with a qualified primary 
care provider (PCP) or practitioner in a primary care setting.
  Ambulance services  
 
Covered ambulance services include ground and air (airplane 
and helicopter) ambulance service. The ambulance will take 
you to the nearest place that can give you care.  
 
Your condition must be serious enough that other ways of 
getting to a place of care could risk your health or life.  
 
Ambulance services for other cases (non ‑emergent) must be 
approved by us. In cases that are not emergencies, we may 
pay for an ambulance. Your condition must be serious enough 
that other ways of getting to a place of care could risk your life 
or health.  
 
 
 
Prior authorization is required for non ‑emergency 
transportation by fixed ‑wing aircraft.
Annual routine physical  
 
The annual routine physical is an extensive physical exam 
including a medical history collection and it may also include 
any of the following: vital signs, observation of general  
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  