If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
110Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  8 Your rights and responsibilities
If you don’t speak English, we have interpreter services to answer questions you have about our plan. To 
get an interpreter, call Member Services. This is a free service to you. Many documents are also available 
in Spanish. We can also give you information in large print, braille, or audio, or other alternate formats at 
no cost if you need it. We are required to give you information about the plan’s benefits in a format that is 
accessible and appropriate for you. To get information from us in a way that works for you, please call 
Member Services.  
 
If you want information about any of the following, call Member Services:  
How to choose or change plans•
Our plan, including:
financial information ○
how plan members have rated us ○
the number of appeals made by members ○
how to leave our plan ○•
Our network providers and our network pharmacies, including:
how to choose or change primary care providers ○
qualifications of our network providers and pharmacies ○
how we pay providers in our network ○•
Covered services and drugs, including:
services (refer to Chapters 3 and 4  of your Evidence of Coverage ) and drugs (refer to  Chapter 
5 and 6  of your Evidence of Coverage ) covered by our plan○
limits to your coverage and drugs ○
rules you must follow to get covered services and drugs ○•
Why something is not covered and what you can do about it (refer to Chapter  9 of your Evidence of 
Coverage ), including asking us to:
put in writing why something is not covered ○
change a decision we made ○
pay for a bill you got ○•
E. Inability of network providers to bill you directly
 
Doctors, hospitals, and other providers in our network cannot make you pay for covered services. They 
also cannot balance bill or charge you if we pay less than the amount the provider charged. To learn what 
to do if a network provider tries to charge you for covered services, refer to Chapter  7 of your  Evidence of 
Coverage .
 
F. Your right to leave our plan
 
No one can make you stay in our plan if you do not want to.  
You have the right to get most of your health care services through Original Medicare or another 
Medicare Advantage (MA) plan.•