If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
99Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  6 What you pay for your Medicare and NJ FamilyCare prescription drugs
learn more about these pharmacy choices, refer to  Chapter 5  of your Evidence of Coverage  and our 
Provider and Pharmacy Directory.  
 
C1. Getting a long ‑term supply of a drug
 
For some drugs, you can get a long ‑term supply (also called an “extended supply”) when you fill your 
prescription. A long ‑term supply is up to a 100 ‑day supply. There is no cost to you for a long ‑term supply.  
 
For details on where and how to get a long ‑term supply of a drug, refer to  Chapter 5  of your Evidence of 
Coverage  or our Provider and Pharmacy Directory.   
 
D. Vaccinations
 
Important Message About What You Pay for Vaccines:  Some vaccines are considered medical benefits. 
Other vaccines are considered Medicare Part D drugs. You can find these vaccines listed in the plan’s List 
of Covered Drugs (Formulary).  Our plan covers adult Medicare Part D vaccines at no cost to you.  
 
D1. What you need to know before you get a vaccination
 
We recommend that you call Member Services if you plan to get a vaccination.  
We can tell you about how our plan covers your vaccination.•
 
D2. What you pay for a vaccination covered by Medicare Part D
 
What you pay for a vaccination depends on the type of vaccine (what you are being vaccinated for).  
Some vaccines are considered health benefits rather than drugs. These vaccines are covered at no 
cost to you. To learn about coverage of these vaccines, refer to the Benefits Chart in  Chapter 4  of 
your Evidence of Coverage.•
Other vaccines are considered Medicare Part D drugs. You can find these vaccines on our plan’s 
Drug List. If the vaccine is recommended for adults by an organization called the Advisory 
Committee or Immunization Practices (ACIP)  then the vaccine will cost you nothing.•
Here are three common ways you might get a Medicare Part D vaccination.  
You get the Medicare Part D vaccine and your shot at a network pharmacy.
For most adult Part D vaccines, you will pay nothing. ○
For other Part D vaccines, you pay nothing for the vaccine. ○1. 
You get the Medicare Part D vaccine at your doctor’s office, and your doctor gives you the shot.
You pay nothing to the doctor for the vaccine. ○
Our plan pays for the cost of giving you the shot. ○
The doctor’s office should call our plan in this situation so we can make sure they know you only 
have to pay nothing for the vaccine.○2. 