If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
62Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Medical nutrition therapy (continued)  
 
This benefit is for people with diabetes or kidney disease 
without dialysis. It is also for after a kidney transplant when 
ordered by your doctor.  
 
We pay for three hours of one ‑on‑one counseling services 
during your first year that you get medical nutrition therapy 
services under Medicare. We may approve additional 
services if medically necessary.  
 
We pay for two hours of one ‑on‑one counseling services each 
year after that. If your condition, treatment, or diagnosis 
changes, you may be able to get more hours of treatment with 
a doctor’s order. A doctor must prescribe these services and 
renew the order each year if you need treatment in the next 
calendar year. We may approve additional services if 
medically necessary.
Medicare Diabetes Prevention Program (MDPP)   
 
Our plan pays for MDPP services. MDPP is designed to help 
you increase healthy behavior. It provides practical training in:  
long ‑term dietary change, and •
increased physical activity, and •
ways to maintain weight loss and a healthy lifestyle.•
Medicare Part B prescription drugs  
 
These drugs are covered under Part B of Medicare. Our plan 
pays for the following drugs:  
drugs you don’t usually give yourself and are injected or 
infused while you get doctor, hospital outpatient, or 
ambulatory surgery center services•
insulin furnished through an item of durable medical 
equipment (such as a medically necessary insulin 
pump)•
other drugs you take using durable medical equipment 
(such as nebulizers) that our plan authorized•
clotting factors you give yourself by injection if you have 
hemophilia•
immunosuppressive drugs, if you were enrolled in 
Medicare Part A at the time of the organ transplant•  Part B drugs may be subject to step 
therapy requirements.
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  