If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
130Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
appeal” or an “External Appeal.”
The IURO will typically not review cases based on the following services:  
assisted living program•
assisted living services ‑ when the denial is not based on medical necessity •
caregiver/participant training•
chore services•
community transition services•
home based supportive care•
home ‑delivered meals •
personal care assistance (PCA)•
respite (daily and hourly)•
social day care•
structured day program ‑‑ when the denial is not based on medical necessity •
supported day services ‑‑ when the denial is not based on the diagnosis of TBI ••
The IURO appeal process is optional. You can request an IURO appeal, and wait to receive the 
IURO’s decision, before you request a Fair Hearing. Or, you can request an IURO appeal and a 
Fair Hearing at the same time (the requests are made to two different organizations).  You are 
not required to request an IURO appeal before requesting a Fair Hearing.•
You can request an IURO appeal yourself, or it can be requested by your authorized 
representative (which includes your provider, if they are acting on your behalf with your 
written consent).•
You can request an IURO appeal by filling out the External Appeal Application  form. A copy of 
the External Appeal Application  form will be sent to you with the decision letter for your Level 1 
Appeal. You must send this form to the following address within 60 calendar days  of the date 
on the decision letter for your Level 1 appeal:•
Maximus Federal – NJ IHCAP  
3750 Monroe Avenue, Suite 705
Pittsford, New York 14534
 
You may also fax the form to 585 ‑425 ‑5296 , or email a copy of the form 
to Stateappealseast@maximus.com . 
If you are appealing because we told you we were going to stop or reduce services or items 
that you were already getting and you want to keep those services or items during your IURO 
appeal, you must request the IURO appeal within 10 calendar days  of the date on the decision 
letter for your Level 1 appeal.•
If the IURO reviews your case, it will reach a decision within 45 calendar days  (or sooner, if 
your medical condition makes it necessary).  If your IURO appeal is a “fast” appeal, the IURO 
will reach a decision within 48 hours . •
If you have questions about the IURO appeal process and/or need assistance with your 
application, you can call the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance at 
1‑888 ‑393‑1062 or 609 ‑777‑9470.•
 
How do I request a Fair Hearing?