If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
109Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  8 Your rights and responsibilities
Chapter 9 of your Evidence of Coverage  tells what you can do if you think you aren’t getting your services 
or drugs within a reasonable amount of time. It also tells what you can do if we denied coverage for your 
services or drugs and you don’t agree with our decision.
 
C. Our responsibility to protect your personal health information (PHI)
 
We protect your PHI as required by federal and state laws.  
 
Your PHI includes information you gave us when you enrolled in our plan. It also includes your medical 
records and other medical and health information.  
 
You have rights when it comes to your information and controlling how your PHI is used. We give you a 
written notice that tells about these rights and explains how we protect the privacy of your PHI. The notice 
is called the “Notice of Privacy Practice.”  
 
C1. How we protect your PHI
 
We make sure that no unauthorized people look at or change your records.  
 
Except for the cases noted below, we don’t give your PHI to anyone not providing your care or paying for 
your care. If we do, we must get written permission from you first. You, or someone legally authorized to 
make decisions for you, can give written permission.  
 
Sometimes we don’t need to get your written permission first. These exceptions are allowed or required by 
law:  
We must release PHI to government agencies checking on our plan’s quality of care.•
We must release PHI by court order.•
We must give Medicare your PHI. If Medicare releases your PHI for research or other uses, they do it 
according to federal laws.•
C2. Your right to look at your medical records
You have the right to look at your medical records and to get a copy of your records.•
You have the right to ask us to update or correct your medical records. If you ask us to do this, we 
work with your health care provider to decide if changes should be made.•
You have the right to know if and how we share your PHI with others.•
If you have questions or concerns about the privacy of your PHI, call Member Services.
 
D. Our responsibility to give you information
 
As a member of our plan, you have the right to get information from us about our plan, our network 
providers, and your covered services.  
 