If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
162Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  11 Legal notices
A. Notice about laws
 
Many laws apply to this Evidence of Coverage . These laws may affect your rights and responsibilities even 
if the laws are not included or explained in the Evidence of Coverage . The main laws that apply are federal 
laws about the Medicare and NJ FamilyCare (Medicaid) programs. Other federal and state laws may apply 
too.
 
B. Notice about nondiscrimination
 
We don’t discriminate or treat you differently because of your race, ethnicity, national origin, color, 
religion, sex, gender, age, sexual orientation, mental or physical disability, health status, claims 
experience, medical history, genetic information, evidence of insurability, or geographic location within 
the service area. All organizations that provide Medicare Advantage plans, like our plan, must obey 
Federal laws against discrimination, including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Rehabilitation Act 
of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Section 1557 of the 
Affordable Care Act, all other laws that apply to organizations that get Federal funding, and any other laws 
and rules that apply for any other reason.  
 
If you want more information or have concerns about discrimination or unfair treatment:  
Call the Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights at 1 ‑800 ‑368 ‑1019. TTY 
users can call 1 ‑800 ‑537‑7697. You can also visit www.hhs.gov/ocr  for more information.•
Call your local Office for Civil Rights. You can reach the New Jersey Division on Civil Rights at 
1‑833‑653 ‑2748 (TTY: 711), and you can learn how to file a complaint online at 
https://www.njoag.gov/about/divisions-and-offices/division-on-civil-rights-home/division-on-civil-
rights-file-a-complaint/ .•
If you have a disability and need help accessing health care services or a provider, call Member 
Services. If you have a complaint, such as a problem with wheelchair access, Member Services can 
help.•
C. Notice about Medicare as a sec ond payer and NJ FamilyCare  as a payer of 
last resort  
 
Sometimes someone else must pay first for the services we provide you. For example, if you’re in a car 
accident or if you’re injured at work, insurance or Workers Compensation must pay first.  
 
We have the right and responsibility to collect for covered Medicare services for which Medicare is not the 
first payer.  
 
We comply with federal and state laws and regulations relating to the legal liability of third parties for 
health care services to members. We take all reasonable measures to ensure that NJ FamilyCare is the 
payer of last resort.