If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
40Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
A. Your covered services 
 
This chapter tells you about services our plan covers. You can also learn about services that are not 
covered. Information about drug benefits is in Chapter 5  of your  Evidence of Coverage . 
 
Because you get assistance from NJ FamilyCare, you pay nothing for your covered services as long as you 
follow our plan’s rules. Refer to  Chapter 3  of your  Evidence of Coverage  for details about the plan’s rules.  
If you need help understanding what services are covered, call Member Services at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 
711).
 
B. Rules against providers charging you for services
 
We don’t allow our providers to bill you for in ‑network covered services. We pay our providers directly, 
and we protect you from any charges. This is true even if we pay the provider less than the provider 
charges for a service.  
 
You should never get a bill from a provider for covered services.  If you do, refer to  Chapter 7 of your 
Evidence of Coverage  or call Member Services.
 
C. About our plan’s Benefits Chart
 
The Benefits Chart tells you the services our plan pays for. It lists covered services in alphabetical order 
and explains them.  
 
We pay for the services listed in the Benefits Chart when the following rules are met.  You do not pay 
anything for the services listed in the Benefits Chart, as long as you meet the requirements described 
below.
We provide covered Medicare and NJ FamilyCare covered services according to the rules set by 
Medicare and NJ FamilyCare.•
The services (including medical care, behavioral health and substance use disorder treatment 
services, Managed Long Term Services and Supports (MLTSS), supplies, equipment, and drugs) 
must be “medically necessary.” Medically necessary describes services, supplies, or drugs you need 
to prevent, diagnose, or treat a medical condition or to maintain your current health status. This 
includes care that keeps you from going into a hospital or nursing facility. It also means the services, 
supplies, or drugs meet accepted standards of medical practice.•
You get your care from a network provider. A network provider is a provider who works with us. In 
most cases, care you receive from an out ‑of‑network provider will not be covered unless it is an 
emergency or urgently needed care or unless your plan or a network provider has given you a 
referral. Chapter 3  of your Evidence of Coverage  has more information about using network and 
out‑of‑network providers.•
You have a primary care provider (PCP) or a care team that is providing and managing your care.•
If you are within our plan’s three month period of deemed continued eligibility, we will continue to 
provide all Medicare Advantage plan‑covered Medicare benefits. However, during this period, •