If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
47Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Dental services (continued)  
procedures can be considered for members with special 
health care needs.  
 
Some procedures may require prior authorization with 
documentation of medical necessity, including:   
Orthodontic services for members up to age 21 with 
adequate documentation of a handicapping 
malocclusion or medical necessity.•
Dental treatment in an operating room or ambulatory 
surgical center.•
We pay for some dental services when the service is an 
integral part of specific treatment of a beneficiary’s primary 
medical condition. Some examples include reconstruction of 
the jaw following fracture or injury, tooth extractions done in 
preparation for radiation treatment for cancer involving the 
jaw, or oral exams preceding kidney transplantation.  
Depression screening   
 
We pay for one depression screening each year. The 
screening must be done in a primary care setting that can 
give follow ‑up treatment and/or referrals.
Diabetes screening  
 
We pay for this screening (includes fasting glucose tests) if 
you have any of the following risk factors:  
high blood pressure (hypertension)•
history of abnormal cholesterol and triglyceride levels 
(dyslipidemia)•
obesity•
history of high blood sugar (glucose)•
Tests may be covered in some other cases, such as if you are 
overweight and have a family history of diabetes.  
 
Depending on the test results, you may qualify for up to two 
diabetes screenings every 12 months.
Diabetic self ‑management training, services, and supplies   
 
We pay for the following services for all people who have 
diabetes (whether they use insulin or not):  
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  