If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
125Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
If you decide to make an appeal, you will go on to Level 1 of the appeals process (refer to  
Section F3 ).•
In limited circumstances we may dismiss your request for a coverage decision, which means we won’t 
review the request. Examples of when a request will be dismissed include:  
if the request is incomplete,•
if someone makes the request on your behalf but isn’t legally authorized to do so, or •
if you ask for your request to be withdrawn.•
If we dismiss a request for a coverage decision, we will send you a notice explaining why the request was 
dismissed and how to ask for a review of the dismissal. This review is called an appeal. Appeals are 
discussed in the next section.
 
F3. Making a Level 1 Appeal
 
To start an appeal,  you, your doctor, or your representative must contact us. Call us at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 
(TTY: 711).  
 
Ask for a standard appeal or a fast appeal  in writing or by calling us at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711).  
If your doctor or other prescriber asks to continue a service or item you are already getting during 
your appeal, you may need to name them as your representative to act on your behalf.•
If someone other than your doctor makes the appeal for you, include an Appointment of 
Representative form authorizing this person to represent you. You can get the form by visiting 
www.cms.gov/Medicare/CMS-Forms/CMS-Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf .•
We can accept an appeal request without the form, but we can’t begin or complete our review until 
we get it. If we don’t get the form within 44 calendar days after getting your appeal request:
We dismiss your request, and ○
We send you a written notice explaining your right to ask the IRO to review our decision to 
dismiss your appeal.○•
You must ask for an appeal within 60 calendar days from the date on the letter we sent to tell you 
our decision.•
If you miss the deadline and have a good reason for missing it, we may give you more time to make 
your appeal. Examples of good reasons are things like you had a serious illness or we gave you the 
wrong information about the deadline. Explain the reason why your appeal is late when you make 
your appeal.•
You have the right to ask us for a free copy of the information about your appeal. You and your 
doctor may also give us more information to support your appeal.•
If your health requires it, ask for a fast appeal.  
 
The legal term for “fast appeal” is  “expedited reconsideration.”
 
If you appeal a decision we made about coverage for care that you did not get, you and/or your •