If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
169Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  12 Definitions of important words
Ombudsperson: An office in your state that works as an advocate on your behalf. They can answer 
questions if you have a problem or complaint and can help you understand what to do. The 
ombudsperson’s services are free. You can find more information in Chapters 2 and 9  of your Evidence 
of Coverage . 
 
Organization determination:  Our plan makes an organization determination when we, or one of our 
providers, make a decision about whether services are covered. Organization determinations are called 
“coverage decisions.” Chapter 9  of your Evidence of Coverage  explains coverage decisions.  
 
Original Medicare (traditional Medicare or fee ‑for‑service Medicare):  The government offers Original 
Medicare. Under Original Medicare, services are covered by paying doctors, hospitals, and other health 
care providers amounts that Congress determines.  
You can use any doctor, hospital, or other health care provider that accepts Medicare. Original 
Medicare has two parts: Medicare Part A (hospital insurance) and Medicare Part B (medical 
insurance).•
Original Medicare is available everywhere in the United States.•
If you don’t want to be in our plan, you can choose Original Medicare.•
Out ‑of‑network pharmacy:  A pharmacy that has not agreed to work with our plan to coordinate or 
provide covered drugs to members of our plan. Our plan doesn’t cover most drugs you get from out ‑of‑ 
network pharmacies unless certain conditions apply.  
 
Out ‑of‑network provider or Out ‑of‑network facility:  A provider or facility that is not employed, owned, 
or operated by our plan and is not under contract to provide covered services to members of our plan. 
Chapter 3  of your Evidence of Coverage  explains out ‑of‑network providers or facilities.  
 
Over ‑the ‑counter (OTC) drugs:  Over ‑the‑counter drugs are drugs or medicines that a person can buy 
without a prescription from a health care professional.  
 
Part A: Refer to “Medicare Part A.”  
 
Part B:  Refer to “Medicare Part B.”  
 
Part C:  Refer to “Medicare Part C.”  
 
Part D:  Refer to “Medicare Part D.”  
 
Part D drugs: Refer to “Medicare Part D drugs.”  
 