If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
171Real Time Benefit Tool:  A portal or computer application in which enrollees can look up complete, 
accurate, timely, clinically appropriate, enrollee ‑specific covered drugs and benefit information. This 
includes alternative drugs that may be used for the same health condition as a given drug and coverage 
restrictions (prior authorization, step therapy, quantity limits) that apply to alternative drugs.  
 
Referral: A referral is your primary care provider’s (PCP’s) approval to use a provider other than your 
PCP. You can find more information about referrals in Chapters 3 and 4  of your Evidence of Coverage . 
 
Rehabilitation services: Treatment you get to help you recover from an illness, accident or major 
operation. Refer to Chapter 4  of your Evidence of Coverage  to learn more about rehabilitation services.  
 
Service area:  A geographic area where a health plan accepts members if it limits membership based on 
where people live. For plans that limit which doctors and hospitals you may use, it’s generally the area 
where you can get routine (non ‑emergency) services. Only people who live in our service area can enroll 
in our plan.  
 
Skilled nursing facility (SNF):  A nursing facility with the staff and equipment to give skilled nursing care 
and, in most cases, skilled rehabilitative services and other related health services.  
 
Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care: Skilled nursing care and rehabilitation services provided on a 
continuous, daily basis, in a skilled nursing facility. Examples of skilled nursing facility care include 
physical therapy or intravenous (IV) injections that a registered nurse or a doctor can give.  
 
Specialist: A doctor who provides health care for a specific disease or part of the body.  
 
State Fair Hearing:  If your doctor or other provider asks for a Medicaid service that we won’t approve, or 
we won’t continue to pay for a Medicaid service you already have, you can ask for a State Fair Hearing. If 
the State Fair Hearing is decided in your favor, we must give you the service you asked for.  
 
Step therapy:  A coverage rule that requires you to try another drug before we cover the drug you ask for.  
 
Supplemental Security Income (SSI):  A monthly benefit Social Security pays to people with limited 
incomes and resources who are disabled, blind, or age 65 and over. SSI benefits are not the same as 
Social Security benefits.  
 
Urgently needed care:  Care you get for a sudden illness, injury, or condition that is not an emergency 
but needs care right away. You can get urgently needed care from out ‑of‑network providers when 
network providers are unavailable or you cannot get to them.