If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
53Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Fall prevention (continued)  
purchase is above the benefit amount. Covered items will be 
shipped directly to you and you are responsible for any 
required assembly or installation.
  Family planning services   
 
The law lets you choose any provider – whether a network 
provider or out ‑of‑network provider – for certain family 
planning services. This means any doctor, clinic, hospital, 
pharmacy or family planning office.  
 
We pay for the following services:  
family planning exam and medical treatment•
family planning lab and diagnostic tests•
family planning methods (IUC/IUD, implants, injections, 
birth control pills, patch, or ring) •
family planning supplies with prescription (condom, 
sponge, foam, film, diaphragm, cap)•
counseling and diagnosis of infertility and related 
services•
counseling, testing, and treatment for sexually 
transmitted infections (STIs)•
counseling and testing for HIV and AIDS, and other 
HIV‑related conditions •
permanent contraception (You must be age 21 or over 
to choose this method of family planning. You must sign 
a federal sterilization consent form at least 30 days, but 
not more than 180 days before the date of surgery.)  •
genetic counseling•
We also pay for some other family planning services. 
However, you must use a provider in our provider network for 
the following services:  
treatment for medical conditions of infertility (This 
service does not include artificial ways to become 
pregnant.)•
treatment for AIDS and other HIV ‑related conditions •
genetic testing•
Services furnished by out ‑of‑network providers are paid for 
directly by Medicaid.
Fitness program (physical fitness)  
  
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  