If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
164Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  12 Definitions of important words
Complaint:  A written or spoken statement saying that you have a problem or concern about your 
covered services or care. This includes any concerns about the quality of service, quality of your care, our 
network providers, or our network pharmacies. The formal name for “making a complaint” is “filing a 
grievance.”  
 
Comprehensive outpatient rehabilitation facility (CORF):  A facility that mainly provides rehabilitation 
services after an illness, accident, or major operation. It provides a variety of services, including physical 
therapy, social or psychological services, respiratory therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, and 
home environment evaluation services.  
 
Coverage decision:  A decision about what benefits we cover. This includes decisions about covered 
drugs and services. Chapter 9  of your Evidence of Coverage  explains how to ask us for a coverage 
decision.  
 
Covered drugs:  The term we use to mean all of the prescription and over ‑the‑counter (OTC) drugs 
covered by our plan.  
 
Covered services:  The general term we use to mean all of the health care, long ‑term services and 
supports, supplies, prescription and over ‑the‑counter drugs, equipment, and other services our plan 
covers.   
 
Cultural competence training:  Training that provides additional instruction for our health care providers 
that helps them better understand your background, values, and beliefs to adapt services to meet your 
social, cultural, and language needs.  
 
Disenrollment:  The process of ending your membership in our plan. Disenrollment may be voluntary 
(your own choice) or involuntary (not your own choice).  
 
Drug management program (DMP):  A program that helps make sure members safely use prescription 
opioids and other frequently abused medications.  
 
Dual eligible special needs plan (D ‑SNP):  Health plan that serves individuals who are eligible for both 
Medicare and Medicare. Our plan is a D ‑SNP.  
 
Durable medical equipment (DME):  Certain items your doctor orders for use in your own home. 
Examples of these items are wheelchairs, crutches, powered mattress systems, diabetic supplies, 
hospital beds ordered by a provider for use in the home, IV infusion pumps, speech generating devices, 
oxygen equipment and supplies, nebulizers, and walkers.   
 