If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
134Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
 
Asking for coverage of a drug not on our Drug List or for removal of a restriction on a drug is sometimes 
called asking for a “formulary exception.”
 
Here are some examples of exceptions that you or your doctor or other prescriber can ask us to make:  
 
1. Covering a drug that is not on our Drug List  
 
2. Removing a restriction for a covered drug  
Extra rules or restrictions apply to certain drugs on our Drug List (refer to Chapter 5 of your Evidence 
of Coverage  for more information).•
Extra rules and restrictions for certain drugs include:
Being required to use the generic version of a drug instead of the brand name drug. ○
Getting our approval in advance before we agree to cover the drug for you. This is sometimes 
called “prior authorization (PA).”○
Being required to try a different drug first before we agree to cover the drug you ask for. This is 
sometimes called “step therapy.”○
Quantity limits. For some drugs, there are restrictions on the amount of the drug you can have. ○•
Our Drug List often includes more than one drug for treating a specific condition. These are called 
“alternative” drugs.•
G3. Important things to know about asking for an exception
 
Your doctor or other prescriber must tell us the medical reasons.  
 
Your doctor or other prescriber must give us a statement explaining the medical reasons for asking for an 
exception. For a faster decision, include this medical information from your doctor or other prescriber 
when you ask for the exception.  
 
Our Drug List often includes more than one drug for treating a specific condition. These are called 
“alternative” drugs. If an alternative drug is just as effective as the drug you ask for and wouldn’t cause 
more side effects or other health problems, we generally do not approve your exception request.  
 
We can say Yes or No to your request.  
If we say Yes  to your exception request, the exception usually lasts until the end of the calendar 
year. This is true as long as your doctor continues to prescribe the drug for you and that drug 
continues to be safe and effective for treating your condition.•
If we say No to your exception request, you can make an appeal. Refer to Section G5  for information 
on making an appeal if we say No.•
The next section tells you how to ask for a coverage decision, including an exception.
 
G4. Asking for a coverage decision, including an exception
Ask for the type of coverage decision you want by calling 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711), writing, or •