If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
136Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
If we don’t meet this deadline, we send your request to Level 2 of the appeals process for review by 
an IRO. Refer to Section G6  for more information about a Level 2 Appeal. •
If we say Yes  to part or all of your request, we give you the coverage within 24 hours after we get 
your request or your doctor’s supporting statement. •
If we say No to part or all of your request, we send you a letter with the reasons. The letter also tells 
you how you can make an appeal.•
Deadlines for a standard coverage decision about a drug you didn’t get   
If we use the standard deadlines, we must give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your 
request. If you ask for an exception, we give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your 
doctor’s supporting statement. We give you our answer sooner if your health requires it. •
If we don’t meet this deadline, we send your request to Level 2 of the appeals process for review by 
an IRO. •
If we say Yes  to part or all of your request, we give you the coverage within 72 hours after we get 
your request or your doctor’s supporting statement for an exception.•
If we say No to part or all of your request, we send you a letter with the reasons. The letter also tells 
you how to make an appeal.•
Deadlines for a standard coverage decision about a drug you already bought  
We must give you our answer within 14 calendar days after we get your request. •
If we don’t meet this deadline, we send your request to Level 2 of the appeals process for review by 
an IRO. •
If we say Yes  to part or all of your request, we pay you back within 14 calendar days.  •
If we say No to part or all of your request, we send you a letter with the reasons. The letter also tells 
you how to make an appeal.•
G5. Making a Level 1 Appeal
 
An appeal to our plan about a Medicare Part D drug coverage decision is called a plan 
“redetermination.”
Start your standard  or fast appeal  by calling 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711), writing, or faxing us. You, 
your representative, or your doctor (or other prescriber) can do this. Please include your name, 
contact information, and information regarding your appeal.•
You must ask for an appeal within 60 calendar days  from the date on the letter we sent to tell you 
our decision.•
If you miss the deadline and have a good reason for missing it, we may give you more time to make 
your appeal. Examples of good reasons are things like you had a serious illness or we gave you the 
wrong information about the deadline. Explain the reason why your appeal is late when you make 
your appeal.•
You have the right to ask us for a free copy of the information about your appeal. You and your 
doctor may also give us more information to support your appeal.•
If your health requires it, ask for a fast appeal.  
 