If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
163Chapter 12: Definitions of important words
Introduction  
 
This chapter includes key terms used throughout your Evidence of Coverage  with their definitions. The 
terms are listed in alphabetical order. If you can’t find a term you’re looking for or if you need more 
information than a definition includes, contact Member Services at the number at the bottom of this page.  
 
Activities of daily living (ADL):  The things people do on a normal day, such as eating, using the toilet, 
getting dressed, bathing, or brushing teeth.  
 
Administrative law judge:  A judge that reviews a level 3 appeal.   
 
AIDS drug assistance program (ADAP):  A program that helps eligible individuals living with HIV/AIDS 
have access to life ‑saving HIV medications.  
 
Ambulatory surgical center:  A facility that provides outpatient surgery to patients who do not need 
hospital care and who are not expected to need more than 24 hours of care.  
 
Appeal:  A way for you to challenge our action if you think we made a mistake. You can ask us to change 
a coverage decision by filing an appeal. Chapter 9  of your Evidence of Coverage  explains appeals, 
including how to make an appeal.  
 
Behavioral Health:  An all ‑inclusive term referring to mental health and substance use disorders.  
 
Brand name drug:  A prescription drug that is made and sold by the company that originally made the 
drug. Brand name drugs have the same ingredients as the generic versions of the drugs. Generic drugs 
are usually made and sold by other drug companies.  
 
Care Manager:  One main person who works with you, with the health plan, and with your care providers 
to make sure you get the care you need.  
 
Care plan:  Refer to “Individualized Care Plan.”  
 
Care team:  Refer to “Interdisciplinary Care Team.”  
 
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS):  The federal agency in charge of Medicare. Chapter 
2 of your Evidence of Coverage  explains how to contact CMS.  
 