If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
56Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Home infusion therapy (continued)  
the drug or biological substance, such as an antiviral or 
immune globulin;•
equipment, such as a pump; and •
supplies, such as tubing or a catheter.•
Our plan covers home infusion services that include but are 
not limited to:  
professional services, including nursing services, 
provided in accordance with your care plan;•
member training and education not already included in 
the DME benefit;•
remote monitoring; and •
monitoring services for the provision of home infusion 
therapy and home infusion drugs furnished by a 
qualified home infusion therapy supplier.•
Hospice care   
 
You have the right to elect hospice if your provider and 
hospice medical director determine you have a terminal 
prognosis. This means you have a terminal illness and are 
expected to have six months or less to live. You can get care 
from any hospice program certified by Medicare. Our plan 
must help you find Medicare ‑certified hospice programs in 
the plan’s service area. Your hospice doctor can be a network 
provider or an out ‑of‑network provider.  
 
Covered services include:  
drugs to treat symptoms and pain•
short ‑term respite care •
home care•
The plan also covers certain durable medical equipment, as 
well as spiritual and grief counseling. For members under 21 
years of age, both palliative and curative care are covered.  
 
 
Hospice services and services covered by Medicare Part A 
or Medicare Part B that relate to your terminal prognosis 
are billed to Medicare.    When you enroll in a 
Medicare ‑certified hospice program, 
your hospice services and your Part 
A and Part B services related to your 
terminal prognosis are paid for by 
Original Medicare, not Aetna Assure 
Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP).  
 
Hospice consultations are included 
as part of inpatient hospital care.    
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  