If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
147Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
 
During the Level 2 Appeal:  
We send the information for your Level 2 Appeal to the IRO within 24 hours of saying No to your 
Level 1 Appeal. We do this automatically. You don’t need to do anything.•
If you think we didn’t meet this deadline, or any other deadline, you can make a complaint. Refer to 
Section K  for information about making complaints.•
The IRO does a fast review of your appeal. They take a careful look at all of the information about 
your hospital discharge and usually give you an answer within 72 hours.•
If the IRO says Yes  to your appeal:  
We pay you back for the costs of care you got since the date when we said your coverage would 
end.•
We will provide your covered inpatient hospital services for as long as the services are medically 
necessary.•
If the IRO says No to your appeal:  
They agree with our decision to end your care and will not change it.•
They give you a letter that tells you what you can do if you want to continue the appeals process and 
make a Level 3 Appeal.•
An ALJ or attorney adjudicator handles Level 3 Appeals. Refer to Section J  for information about Level 3, 
4, and 5 Appeals.
 
J. Taking your appeal beyond Level 2
 
J1. Next steps for Medicare services and items
 
If you made a Level 1 Appeal and a Level 2 Appeal for Medicare services or items, and both of your 
appeals were turned down, you may have the right to additional levels of appeal.  
 
If the dollar value of the Medicare service or item you appealed does not meet a certain minimum dollar 
amount, you cannot appeal any further. If the dollar value is high enough, you can continue the appeals 
process. The letter you get from the IRO for your Level 2 Appeal explains who to contact and what to do to 
ask for a Level 3 Appeal.  
 
Level 3 Appeal  
 
Level 3 of the appeals process is an ALJ hearing. The person who makes the decision is an ALJ or an 
attorney adjudicator who works for the federal government.  
 
If the ALJ or attorney adjudicator says Yes  to your appeal, we have the right to appeal a Level 3 decision 
that is favorable to you.  
If we decide to appeal  the decision, we send you a copy of the Level 4 Appeal request with any •