If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
129Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
If your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug, the IRO must give you an answer to your 
Level 2 Appeal within 7 calendar days  of getting your appeal.•
If your request is for a medical item or service and the IRO needs to gather more information that 
may benefit you, it can take up to 14 more calendar days.  The IRO take extra time to make a 
decision if your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.•
The IRO gives you their answer in writing and explains the reasons.  
If the IRO says Yes to part or all of a request for a medical item or service,  we must:
Authorize the medical care coverage within 72 hours,  or ○
Provide the service within 14 calendar days  after we get the IRO’s decision for standard 
requests, or○
Provide the service within 72 hours  from the date we get the IRO’s decision for expedited 
requests.○•
If the IRO says Yes to part or all of a request for a Medicare Part B prescription drug, we must 
authorize or provide the Medicare Part B prescription drug under dispute:
within 72 hours  after we get the IRO’s decision for standard requests, or ○
within 24 hours  from the date we get the IRO’s decision for expedited requests . ○•
If the IRO says No to part or all of your appeal,  it means they agree that we should not approve 
your request (or part of your request) for coverage for medical care. This is called “upholding the 
decision” or “turning down your appeal.”
If your case meets the requirements, you choose whether you want to take your appeal 
further.○
There are three additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2, for a total of five levels. ○
If your Level 2 Appeal is turned down and you meet the requirements to continue the appeals 
process, you must decide whether to go on to Level 3 and make a third appeal. The details 
about how to do this are in the written notice you get after your Level 2 Appeal.○
An Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) or attorney adjudicator handles a Level 3 Appeal. Refer to 
Section J  for more information about Level 3, 4, and 5 Appeals.○•
When your problem is about a service or item Medicaid usually covers, or that is covered by both 
Medicare and NJ FamilyCare  
 
A Level 2 Appeal for services that NJ FamilyCare usually covers gives you two options. One option is an 
appeal with the IURO, the state’s Independent Utilization Review Organization. The second option is a Fair 
Hearing with the state. You must request an IURO appeal within 60 calendar days  of the date we sent the 
decision letter on your Level 1 Appeal. You must ask for a Fair Hearing in writing or by phone within 120 
calendar days  of the date we sent the decision letter on your Level 1 Appeal. The letter you get from us 
tells you where to submit your request for a Fair Hearing.  
 
How do I request an IURO appeal?
The Independent Utilization Review Organization (IURO) is an independent organization that is 
hired by the State of New Jersey’s Department of Banking and Insurance (DOBI). This 
organization is not connected with us, and it is not a government agency. This organization is 
chosen by the DOBI to serve as an independent reviewer for medical appeals, and the DOBI 
administers the IURO appeal process. A review by the IURO is also sometimes called an “IURO •