If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
145Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
The legal term for the written notice is “Notice of Medicare Non ‑Coverage.”  To get a sample copy, call 
Member Services at the numbers at the bottom of the page or call Medicare at 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE 
(1‑800 ‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048. Or get a copy 
online at www.cms.gov/Medicare/Medicare-General-Information/BNI .
 
What happens during a fast ‑track appeal  
 Reviewers at the QIO ask you or your representative why you think coverage should continue. You 
aren’t required to write a statement, but you may.•
 Reviewers look at your medical information, talk with your doctor, and review information that our 
plan gave them.•
 Our plan also sends you a written notice that explains our reasons for ending coverage of your 
services. You get the notice by the end of the day the reviewers inform us of your appeal.•
The legal term for the notice explanation is “Detailed Explanation of Non ‑Coverage.”
 
 Reviewers tell you their decision within one full day after getting all the information they need.•
If the QIO says Yes  to your appeal:  
 We will provide your covered services for as long as they are medically necessary.•
If the QIO says No to your appeal:  
 Your coverage ends on the date we told you.•
 We stop paying the costs of this care on the date in the notice.•
 You pay the full cost of this care yourself if you decide to continue the home health care, skilled 
nursing facility care, or CORF services after the date your coverage ends.•
 You decide if you want to continue these services and make a Level 2 Appeal.•
I3. Making a Level 2 Appeal
 
For a Level 2 Appeal, you ask the QIO to take another look at the decision they made on your Level 1 
Appeal. Call them at 1 ‑866 ‑815‑5440 (TTY: 1 ‑866 ‑868 ‑2289).  
 
You must ask for this review within 60 calendar days  after the day the QIO said No to your Level 1 Appeal. 
You can ask for this review only if you continue care after the date that your coverage for the care ended.  
 
QIO reviewers will:  
Take another careful look at all of the information related to your appeal.•
Tell you their decision about your Level 2 Appeal within 14 calendar days of receipt of your request 
for a second review.•
If the QIO says Yes  to your appeal:  