If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
84Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
You used mail ‑order services with our plan in the past, or •
You sign up for automatic delivery of all new prescriptions you get directly from health care 
providers. You may ask for automatic delivery of all new prescriptions now or at any time 
by continuing to have your doctor send us your prescriptions. No special request is needed. Or you 
may contact Member Services to restart automatic deliveries if you previously stopped automatic 
deliveries. •
If you used mail ‑order in the past and do not want the pharmacy to automatically fill and ship each new 
prescription, contact us by calling Member Services.  
 
If you never used our mail ‑order delivery and/or decide to stop automatic fills of new prescriptions, the 
pharmacy contacts you each time it gets a new prescription from a health care provider to find out if you 
want the medication filled and shipped immediately.  
This gives you an opportunity to make sure the pharmacy is delivering the correct drug (including 
strength, amount, and form) and, if necessary, allows you to cancel or delay the order before it is 
shipped.•
Respond each time the pharmacy contacts you, to let them know what to do with the new 
prescription and to prevent any delays in shipping.•
To opt out of automatic deliveries of new prescriptions you get directly from your health care provider’s 
office, contact us by calling Member Services.  
 
3. Refills on mail ‑order prescriptions  
 
For refills of your drugs, you have the option to sign up for an automatic refill program. Under this program 
we start to process your next refill automatically when our records show you should be close to running 
out of your drug.  
The pharmacy contacts you before shipping each refill to make sure you need more medication, and 
you can cancel scheduled refills if you have enough of your medication or if your medication has 
changed.•
If you choose not to use our auto refill program, contact your pharmacy 15 days before your current 
prescription will run out to make sure your next order is shipped to you in time.•
To opt out of our program that automatically prepares mail ‑order refills, contact us by logging on to your 
Caremark.com  account or by calling Member Services.  
 
Let the pharmacy know the best ways to contact you so they can reach you to confirm your order before 
shipping. Provide the pharmacy with your current mailing address, email address and/or phone number(s) 
and any special mailing instructions you may require.
 
A7. Getting a long ‑term supply of drugs
 
You can get a long ‑term supply of maintenance drugs on our plan’s Drug List. Maintenance drugs are 
drugs that you take on a regular basis, for a chronic or long ‑term medical condition.  
 
Some network pharmacies allow you to get a long ‑term supply of maintenance drugs. The Provider and 