If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
152Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
Our denial of your request to expedite an organization determination or reconsideration 
(appeal) for health services; or○
Our denial of your request to expedite a coverage determination or redetermination 
(appeal) for a prescription drug.○
The legal term for “fast complaint” is “expedited grievance.”
 
If possible, we answer you right away. If you call us with a complaint, we may be able to give you an 
answer on the same phone call. If your health condition requires us to answer quickly, we will do that.  
We answer most complaints within 30 calendar days. If we don’t make a decision within 30 calendar 
days because we need more information, we notify you in writing. We also provide a status update 
and estimated time for you to get the answer.•
If you make a complaint because we denied your request for a “fast coverage decision” or a “fast 
appeal,” we automatically give you a “fast complaint” and respond to your complaint within 24 
hours.•
If you make a complaint because we took extra time to make a coverage decision or appeal, we 
automatically give you a “fast complaint” and respond to your complaint within 24 hours.•
If we don’t agree with some or all of your complaint, we will tell you and give you our reasons. We respond 
whether we agree with the complaint or not.
 
K3. External complaints
 
Medicare  
 
You can tell Medicare about your complaint or send it to Medicare. The Medicare Complaint Form is 
available at: www.medicare.gov/MedicareComplaintForm/home.aspx.  You do not need to file a complaint 
with Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) before filing a complaint with Medicare.  
 
Medicare takes your complaints seriously and uses this information to help improve the quality of the 
Medicare program.  
 
If you have any other feedback or concerns, or if you feel the health plan is not addressing your problem, 
you can also call 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227). TTY users can call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048. The call is 
free.You can also contact the state’s Medicaid program with a complaint by calling the NJ Department of 
Human Services, Division of Medical Assistance and Health Services (DMAHS) at 1‑800‑701‑0710 (TTY: 
711).  
 
Office for Civil Rights (OCR)  
 
You can make a complaint to the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) OCR if you think you 
have not been treated fairly. For example, you can make a complaint about disability access or language 
assistance. The phone number for the OCR is 1 ‑800 ‑368 ‑1019. TTY users should call 1 ‑800 ‑537‑7697. You 
can visit www.hhs.gov/ocr  for more information.  
 
You may also contact the local OCR office at:  
 