If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
60Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Kidney disease services and supplies  (continued)  
when your provider for this service is temporarily 
unavailable or inaccessible.
Inpatient dialysis treatments if you’re admitted as an 
inpatient to a hospital for special care•
Self‑dialysis training, including training for you and 
anyone helping you with your home dialysis treatments•
Home dialysis equipment and supplies•
Certain home support services, such as necessary visits 
by trained dialysis workers to check on your home 
dialysis, to help in emergencies, and to check your 
dialysis equipment and water supply.•
Your Medicare Part B drug benefit pays for some drugs for 
dialysis. For information, refer to “Medicare Part B 
prescription drugs” in this chart.  
 
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
Lung cancer screening   
 
Our plan pays for lung cancer screening every 12 months if 
you:  
are aged 50 ‑77, and      •
have a counseling and shared decision ‑making visit 
with your doctor or other qualified provider, and•
have smoked at least 1 pack a day for 20 years with no 
signs or symptoms of lung cancer or smoke now or 
have quit within the last 15 years•
After the first screening, our plan pays for another screening 
each year with a written order from your doctor or other 
qualified provider.
Managed Long Term Services and Supports (MLTSS)  
 
The MLTSS program provides Home ‑ and Community ‑Based 
services for members that require the level of care typically 
provided in a Nursing Facility, and allows them to receive 
necessary care in a residential or community setting.  
 
This MLTSS program is available to members who meet 
certain clinical and financial requirements.  
  
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  