If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
58Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Inpatient hospital care  (continued)  
admitted to the hospital with a doctor’s order. The day before 
you are discharged is your last inpatient day.  
 
We pay for the following services and other medically 
necessary services not listed here:  
semi ‑private room (or a private room if medically 
necessary)•
meals, including special diets•
regular nursing services•
costs of special care units, such as intensive care or 
coronary care units•
drugs and medications•
lab tests•
X‑rays and other radiology services •
needed surgical and medical supplies•
appliances, such as wheelchairs•
operating and recovery room services•
physical, occupational, and speech therapy•
inpatient substance abuse disorder treatment services•
in some cases, the following types of transplants: 
corneal, kidney, kidney/pancreas, heart, liver, lung, 
heart/lung, bone marrow, stem cell, and 
intestinal/multivisceral•
If you need a transplant, Medicare ‑approved transplant 
center will review your case and decide if you are candidate 
for a transplant. Transplant providers may be local or outside 
of the service area. If local transplant providers are willing to 
accept the Medicare rate, then you can get your transplant 
services locally or outside the pattern of care for your 
community. If our plan provides transplant services outside 
the pattern of care your community and you choose to get 
your transplant there, we arrange or pay for lodging and travel 
costs for you and one other person.  
blood, including storage and administration •
physician services•
Note:  To be an inpatient, your provider must write an order to 
admit you formally as an inpatient of the hospital. Even if you 
stay in the hospital overnight, you might still be considered an 
“outpatient.” If you are not sure if you are an inpatient or an 
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  