If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
86Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
(OTC) drugs and products covered under NJ FamilyCare.  
 
Our Drug List includes brand name drugs, generic drugs, and biosimilars.  
 
A brand name drug is a prescription drug that is sold under a trademarked name owned by the drug 
manufacturer. Brand name drugs that are more complex than typical drugs (for example drugs that are 
based on a protein) are called biological products. On our Drug List, when we refer to “drugs” this could 
mean a drug or a biological product.  
 
Generic drugs have the same active ingredients as brand name drugs. Since biological products are more 
complex than typical drugs, instead of having a generic form, they have alternatives that are called 
biosimilars. Generally, generic drugs and biosimilars work just as well as brand name drugs or biological 
products and usually cost less. There are generic drug substitutes or biosimilar alternatives available for 
many brand name drugs and some biological products. Talk to your provider if you have questions about 
whether a generic or a brand name drug will meet your needs.  
 
Our plan also covers certain OTC drugs and products. Some OTC drugs cost less than prescription drugs 
and work just as well. For more information, call Member Services.
 
B2. How to find a drug on our Drug List
 
To find out if a drug you take is on our Drug List, you can:  
Visit our plan’s website at AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-drug-formulary . The Drug List on our 
website is always the most current one.•
Call Member Services to find out if a drug is on our Drug List or to ask for a copy of the list.•
Use our “Real Time Benefit Tool” at  Caremark.com  or call Member Services. With this tool you can 
search for drugs on the Drug List to get an estimate of what you will pay and if there are alternative 
drugs on the Drug List that could treat the same condition.•
We send Drug Lists in the mail if requested, but otherwise, it is posted on the website (electronically).•
B3. Drugs not on our Drug List
 
We don’t cover all prescription drugs. Some drugs are not on our Drug List because the law doesn’t allow 
us to cover those drugs. In other cases, we decided not to include a drug on our Drug List.  
 
Our plan does not pay for the kinds of drugs described in this section. These are called excluded drugs . If 
you get a prescription for an excluded drug, you may need to pay for it yourself. If you think we should pay 
for an excluded drug because of your case, you can make an appeal. Refer to Chapter 9  of your Evidence 
of Coverage  for more information about appeals.  
 
Here are three general rules for excluded drugs:  
Our plan’s outpatient drug coverage (which includes Medicare Part D and NJ FamilyCare drugs) 
cannot pay for a drug that Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B already covers. Our plan covers drugs 
covered under Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B for free, but these drugs aren’t considered part of 
your outpatient prescription drug benefits.1. 
Our plan cannot cover a drug purchased outside the United States and its territories.2. 