If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
132Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
 
For more information, refer to Chapter 7  of your  Evidence of Coverage . It describes situations when you 
may need to ask us to pay you back or pay a bill you got from a provider. It also tells how to send us the 
paperwork that asks us for payment.  
 
If you ask to be paid back, you are asking for a coverage decision. We will check if the service or item you 
paid for is covered and if you followed all the rules for using your coverage.  
If the service or item you paid for is covered and you followed all the rules, we will send you the 
payment for the service or item within 60 calendar days after we get your request.•
If you haven’t paid for the service or item yet, we will send the payment directly to the provider. 
When we send the payment, it’s the same as saying Yes  to your request for a coverage decision.•
If the service or item is not covered or you did not follow all the rules, we will send you a letter telling 
you we won’t pay for the service or item and explaining why.•
If you don’t agree with our decision not to pay, you can make an appeal.  Follow the appeals process 
described in Section F3.  When you follow these instructions, note:  
If you make an appeal for us to pay you back, we must give you our answer within 30 calendar days 
after we get your appeal.•
If you ask us to pay you back for medical care you got and paid for yourself, you can’t ask for a fast 
appeal.•
If our answer to your appeal is No and Medicare  usually covers the service or item, we will send your case 
to the IRO. We will send you a letter if this happens.  
If the IRO reverses our decision and says we should pay you, we must send the payment to you or to 
the provider within 30 calendar days. If the answer to your appeal is Yes  at any stage of the appeals 
process after Level 2, we must send the payment to you or to the health care provider within 60 
calendar days.•
If the IRO says No to your appeal, it means they agree that we should not approve your request. This 
is called “upholding the decision” or “turning down your appeal.” You will get a letter explaining 
additional appeal rights you may have. Refer to Section J  for more information about additional 
levels of appeal.•
If our answer to your appeal is No and NJ FamilyCare usually covers the service or item, you can file a 
Level 2 Appeal yourself. Refer to  Section F4 starting on page 127 for more information.
 
G. Medicare Part D prescription drugs
Your benefits as a member of our plan include coverage for many prescription drugs. Most of these are 
Medicare Part D drugs. There are a few drugs that Medicare Part D doesn’t cover that NJ FamilyCare may 
cover. This section only applies to Medicare Part D drug appeals.  We’ll say “drug” in the rest of this 
section instead of saying “Medicare Part D drug” every time.  
 
To be covered, the drug must be used for a medically accepted indication. That means the drug is 
approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or supported by certain medical references. Refer to 
Chapter 5  of your Evidence of Coverage  for more information about a medically accepted indication.  
 