If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
142Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
You can ask for this review only  if you stay in the hospital after the date that your coverage for the care 
ended.  
 
QIO reviewers will:  
Take another careful look at all of the information related to your appeal.•
Tell you their decision about your Level 2 Appeal within 14 calendar days of receipt of your request 
for a second review.•
If the QIO says Yes  to your appeal:  
We must pay you back for hospital care costs since noon on the day after the date the QIO turned 
down your Level 1 Appeal.•
We will provide your covered inpatient hospital services for as long as the services are medically 
necessary.•
If the QIO says No to your appeal:  
They agree with their decision about your Level 1 Appeal and won’t change it.•
They give you a letter that tells you what you can do if you want to continue the appeals process and 
make a Level 3 Appeal.•
An ALJ or attorney adjudicator handles Level 3 Appeals. Refer to Section J  for information about Level 3, 
4, and 5 Appeals.
 
H4. Making a Level 1 Alternate Appeal
 
The deadline for contacting the QIO for a Level 1 Appeal is within 60 days or no later than your planned 
hospital discharge date. If you miss the Level 1 Appeal deadline, you can use an “Alternate Appeal” 
process.  
 
Contact Member Services at the numbers at the bottom of the page and ask us for a “fast review” of your 
hospital discharge date.  
 
The legal term for “fast review” or “fast appeal” is “expedited appeal.”
 
We look at all of the information about your hospital stay.•
We check that the first decision was fair and followed the rules.•
We use fast deadlines instead of standard deadlines and give you our decision within 72 hours of 
when you asked for a fast review.•
If we say Yes  to your fast appeal:  
We agree that you need to be in the hospital after the discharge date.•
We will provide your covered inpatient hospital services for as long as the services are medically 
necessary.•