If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
34Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
treatment facility
Transportation back to the United States from another country is not covered. Pre ‑scheduled and/or 
elective procedures are not covered. See the Benefits Chart in Chapter 4  for more information. Be sure to 
get a copy of all your medical records from your emergency or urgent care provider before you leave; you 
may need them to file a claim or to help with claims processing. Without these records we may not be able 
to pay your claim.  
 
 
I3.   Care during a disaster
 
If the governor of your state, the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the president of the 
United States declares a state of disaster or emergency in your geographic area, you are still entitled to 
care from our plan.  
 
Visit our website for information on how to get care you need during a declared disaster: 
AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP . 
 
During a declared disaster, if you can’t use a network provider, you can get care from out ‑of‑network 
providers at no cost to you. If you can’t use a network pharmacy during a declared disaster, you can fill 
your prescription drugs at an out ‑of‑network pharmacy. Refer to Chapter 5  of your Evidence of 
Coverage  for more information.
 
J. What to do if you are billed directly for services our plan covers
 
If a provider sends you a bill instead of sending it to our plan, you should ask us to pay the bill.  
 
You should not pay the bill yourself. If you do, we may not be able to pay you back.  
 
If you paid for your covered services or if you got a bill for covered medical services, refer to Chapter 7  of 
your Evidence of Coverage  to find out what to do.  
 
J1.   What to do if our plan does not cover services
 
Our plan covers all services:  
that are determined medically necessary, and •
that are listed in our plan’s Benefits Chart (refer to Chapter  4 of your Evidence of Coverage ), and •
that you get by following plan rules.•
If you get services that our plan does not cover, you pay the full cost yourself . 
 
If you want to know if we pay for any medical service or care, you have the right to ask us. You also have 
the right to ask for this in writing. If we say we will not pay for your services, you have the right to appeal 
our decision.  
 