If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
37Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
M. Durable medical equipment (DME)
 
M1. DME as a member of our plan
 
DME includes certain medically necessary items ordered by a provider, such as wheelchairs, crutches, 
powered mattress systems, diabetic supplies, hospital beds ordered by a provider for use in the home, 
intravenous (IV) infusion pumps, speech generating devices, oxygen equipment and supplies, nebulizers, 
and walkers.  
 
You always own certain items, such as prosthetics.  
 
In this section, we discuss DME you rent. As a member of our plan, you usually will not own DME, no 
matter how long you rent it.  
 
In certain limited situations, we transfer ownership of the DME item to you. Call Member Services to find 
out about requirements you must meet and papers you need to provide.  
 
Even if you had DME for up to 12 months in a row under Medicare before you joined our plan, you will not 
own the equipment.  
 
M2. DME ownership if you switch to Original Medicare
 
In the Original Medicare program, people who rent certain types of DME own it after 13 months. In a 
Medicare Advantage (MA) plan, the plan can set the number of months people must rent certain types of 
DME before they own it.  
 
Note:  You can find definitions of Original Medicare and MA Plans in Chapter 12 . You can also find more 
information about them in the Medicare & You 2024  handbook. If you don’t have a copy of this booklet, 
you can get it at the Medicare website ( www.medicare.gov/medicare-and-you ) or by calling 
1‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should call 
1‑877‑486 ‑2048.  
 
You will have to make 13 payments in a row under Original Medicare, or you will have to make the number 
of payments in a row set by the MA plan, to own the DME item if:  
you did not become the owner of the DME item while you were in our plan, and •
you leave our plan and get your Medicare benefits outside of any health plan in the Original 
Medicare program or an MA plan.•
If you made payments for the DME item under Original Medicare or an MA plan before you joined our plan, 
those Original Medicare or MA plan payments do not count toward the payments you need to make 
after leaving our plan.  
You will have to make 13 new payments in a row under Original Medicare or a number of new 
payments in a row set by the MA plan to own the DME item.•
There are no exceptions to this when you return to Original Medicare or an MA plan.•
 