If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
29Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
Under certain circumstances, you may continue receiving covered services from a provider who has 
left our network for up to four months beyond the effective date of termination (the end of the notice 
period).•
If you are currently undergoing medical treatment or therapies with your current provider, you have 
the right to ask, and we work with you to ensure, that the medically necessary treatment or therapies 
you are getting continues. If you are undergoing certain courses of treatment, you may be able to 
receive longer periods of care as indicated below:•
Pregnancy (up to the postpartum evaluation): up to six weeks after delivery ○
Post ‑operative follow ‑up care (care given after surgery): up to six months ○
Oncological treatment (treatment for cancer): up to one year ○
Psychiatric treatment (mental health treatment with a psychiatrist): up to one year ○
We will provide you with information about the different enrollment periods available to you and 
options you may have for changing plans.•
If we can’t find a qualified network specialist accessible to you, we must arrange an out ‑of‑network 
specialist to provide your care when an in ‑network provider or benefit is unavailable or inadequate 
to meet your medical needs.•
If you think we haven’t replaced your previous provider with a qualified provider or that we aren’t 
managing your care well, you have the right to file a quality of care complaint to the QIO, a quality of 
care grievance, or both. (Refer to Chapter  9 for more information.)•
Under certain circumstances, for up to four months beyond the effective date of termination (the end of 
the notice period), you may continue receiving covered services from a provider who has left our network.  
 
Additionally, if you are undergoing certain courses of treatment, you may receive longer periods of care as 
indicated below:
pregnancy – up to the postpartum evaluation (up to six weeks after delivery)•
post ‑operative follow ‑up care (up to six months) •
oncological treatment (up to one year)•
psychiatric treatment (up to one year)•
If you find out one of your providers is leaving our plan, contact us. We can assist you in finding a new 
provider and managing your care. You may contact Member Services at the number below for assistance. 
You may also look up participating providers using the Provider and Pharmacy Directory  
AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-find-provider . 
 
D4. Out ‑of‑network providers
 
As a member of our plan, you must use network providers. If you receive unauthorized care from an 
out‑of‑network provider, we may deny coverage and you will be responsible for the entire cost. Here are 
four exceptions :
The plan covers emergency care or urgently needed care that you get from an out ‑of‑network 
provider.•
If you need medical care that Medicare or NJ FamilyCare requires our plan to cover and the 
providers in our network cannot provide this care, you can get this care from an out ‑of‑network •