If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
88Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
 
3. Trying a different drug first  
 
In general, we want you to try lower ‑cost drugs that are as effective before we cover drugs that cost more. 
For example, if Drug A and Drug B treat the same medical condition, and Drug A costs less than Drug B, 
we may require you to try Drug A first.  
 
If Drug A does not work for you, then we cover Drug B. This is called step therapy.  
 
4. Quantity limits  
 
For some drugs, we limit the amount of the drug you can have. This is called a quantity limit. For example, 
we might limit how much of a drug you can get each time you fill your prescription.  
 
To find out if any of the rules above apply to a drug you take or want to take, check our Drug List. For the 
most up ‑to‑date information, call Member Services or check our website 
at AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-drug-formulary . If you disagree with our coverage decision based on any 
of the above reasons you may request an appeal. Please refer to Chapter 9  of the Evidence of Coverage .
 
D. Reasons your drug might not be covered
 
We try to make your drug coverage work well for you, but sometimes a drug may not be covered in the 
way that you like. For example:  
Our plan doesn’t cover the drug you want to take. The drug may not be on our Drug List. We may 
cover a generic version of the drug but not the brand name version you want to take. A drug may be 
new, and we haven’t reviewed it for safety and effectiveness yet.•
Our plan covers the drug, but there are special rules or limits on coverage. As explained in the 
section above, some drugs our plan covers have rules that limit their use. In some cases, you or your 
prescriber may want to ask us for an exception.•
There are things you can do if we don’t cover a drug the way you want us to cover it.  
 
D1. Getting a temporary supply
 
In some cases, we can give you a temporary supply of a drug when the drug is not on our Drug List or is 
limited in some way. This gives you time to talk with your provider about getting a different drug or to ask 
us to cover the drug.  
 
To get a temporary supply of a drug, you must meet the two rules below:  
 
1. The drug you've been taking:  
is no longer on our Drug List or •
was never on our Drug List or •
is now limited in some way.•