If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
155Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  10 Ending your membership in our plan
A. When you can end your membership in our plan
 
Most people with Medicare can end their membership during certain times of the year. Since you have NJ 
FamilyCare, you may be able to end your membership with our plan or switch to a different plan one time 
during each of the following Special Enrollment Periods:  
January to March•
April to June•
July to September•
In addition to these three Special Enrollment periods, you may end your membership in our plan during the 
following periods each year:  
The Annual Enrollment Period,  which lasts from October 15 to December 7. If you choose a new 
plan during this period, your membership in our plan ends on December 31 and your membership in 
the new plan starts on January 1.•
The Medicare Advantage (MA) Open Enrollment Period , which lasts from January 1 to March 31. If 
you choose a new plan during this period, your membership in the new plan starts the first day of the 
next month.•
There may be other situations when you are eligible to make a change to your enrollment. For example, 
when:  
you move out of our service area,•
your eligibility for NJ FamilyCare or Extra Help changed, or •
if you recently moved into, currently are getting care in, or just moved out of a nursing facility or a 
long ‑term care hospital.•
Your membership ends on the last day of the month that we get your request to change your plan. For 
example, if we get your request on January 18, your coverage with our plan ends on January 31. Your new 
coverage begins the first day of the next month (February 1, in this example).  
 
If you leave our plan, you can get information about your:  
Medicare options in the table in Section C1. •
Medicaid services in Section C2. •
You can get more information about how you can end your membership by calling:  
Member Services at the number at the bottom of this page. The number for TTY users is listed too.•
Medicare at 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should 
call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048.•
The State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP), at 1 ‑800 ‑792‑8820 (TTY: 711). •
NOTE : If you’re in a drug management program (DMP), you may not be able to change plans. Refer to 
Chapter 5  of your Evidence of Coverage  for information about drug management programs.
 