If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
8Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  1 Getting started as a member
 
We help make your Medicare and Medicaid benefits work better together and work better for you. Some 
of the advantages include:  
You can work with us for most  of your health care needs. •
You have a care team that you help put together. Your care team may include yourself, your 
caregiver, doctors, nurses, counselors, or other health professionals.•
You have access to a Care Manager. This is a person who works with you, with our plan, and with 
your care team to help make a care plan.•
You’re able to direct your own care with help from your care team and Care Manager.•
Your care team and Care Manager work with you to make a care plan designed to meet your  health 
needs. The care team helps coordinate the services you need. For example, this means that your 
care team makes sure:•
Your doctors know about all the medicines you take so they can make sure you’re taking the right 
medicines and can reduce any side effects that you may have from the medicines.○
Your test results are shared with all of your doctors and other providers, as appropriate. ○
D. Our plan’s service area
 
Our service area includes these counties in New Jersey : Atlantic, Bergen, Burlington, Camden, Cape May, 
Cumberland, Essex, Gloucester, Hudson, Hunterdon, Mercer, Middlesex, Monmouth, Morris, Ocean, 
Passaic, Salem, Somerset, Sussex, Union, Warren.  
 
Only people who live in our service area can join our plan.  
 
You cannot stay in our plan if you move outside of our service area.  Refer to Chapter 8  of 
your  Evidence of Coverage  for more information about the effects of moving out of our service area.
 
E. What makes you eligible to be a plan member
 
You are eligible for our plan as long as you:  
live in our service area (incarcerated individuals are not considered living in the service area even if 
they are physically located in it), and•
have both Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B, and •
are a United States citizen or are lawfully present in the United States, and •
are currently eligible for full NJ FamilyCare benefits.•
If you lose eligibility but can be expected to regain it within three months, then you are still eligible for our 
plan.  
 
Call Member Services for more information.  
 
 