If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
137Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
A fast appeal is also called an “expedited redetermination.”
If you appeal a decision we made about a drug you didn’t get, you and your doctor or other 
prescriber decide if you need a fast appeal.•
Requirements for a fast appeal are the same as those for a fast coverage decision. Refer to Section 
G4 for more information.•
We consider your appeal and give you our answer.  
We review your appeal and take another careful look at all of the information about your coverage 
request.•
We check if we followed the rules when we said No to your request. •
We may contact you or your doctor or other prescriber to get more information.•
Deadlines for a fast appeal at Level 1  
If we use the fast deadlines, we must give you our answer within 72 hours  after we get your appeal.
We give you our answer sooner if your health requires it. ○
If we don’t give you an answer within 72 hours, we must send your request to Level 2 of the 
appeals process. Then an IRO reviews it. Refer to Section G6  for information about the review 
organization and the Level 2 appeals process.○•
If we say Yes  to part or all of your request, we must provide the coverage we agreed to provide 
within 72 hours after we get your appeal.•
If we say No to part or all of your request, we send you a letter that explains the reasons and tells you 
how you can make an appeal.•
Deadlines for a standard appeal at Level 1  
If we use the standard deadlines, we must give you our answer within 7 calendar days  after we get 
your appeal for a drug you didn’t get.•
We give you our decision sooner if you didn’t get the drug and your health condition requires it. If 
you believe your health requires it, ask for a fast appeal.
If we don’t give you a decision within 7 calendar days, we must send your request to Level 2 of 
the appeals process. Then an IRO reviews it. Refer to Section G6  for information about the 
review organization and the Level 2 appeals process.○•
If we say Yes  to part or all of your request:  
We must provide the coverage  we agreed to provide as quickly as your health requires, but no 
later than 7 calendar days  after we get your appeal.•
We must send payment to you  for a drug you bought within 30 calendar days  after we get your 
appeal.•
If we say No to part or all of your request:  
We send you a letter that explains the reasons and tells you how you can make an appeal.•
We must give you our answer about paying you back for a drug you bought within 14 calendar days  
after we get your appeal.•