If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
52Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Extra Benefits Card (continued)  
relievers, first aid supplies, and COVID ‑19 tests
Transportation including gas, public transportation, 
and ride share services•
Utilities including gas, electric, phone, and internet 
service•
Personal care items including paper towels, 
shampoo, and soap•
Rent or mortgage assistance•
The monthly benefit amount will be available on the card the 
first day of each month. Be sure to use the benefit amount 
each month, because any unused benefit amount will not roll 
over into the next month.  
 
We have partnered with NationsBenefits to provide this 
benefit to you.  
 
You will receive the Extra Benefits Card in the mail before, or 
shortly after the plan begins. It will include details on how to 
activate and use the card. If you already have an Extra 
Benefits Card, you will not receive a new card, and you can 
continue to use your current card in 2024. Information on 
card benefit changes will be mailed prior to January 1, 2024.  
 
For more information you can contact NationsBenefits at 
1‑877‑204 ‑1817 (TTY: 711) or visit Aetna.NationsBenefits.com . 
 
Important:  Plan not responsible for lost or stolen cards or for 
fees associated with late utilities, rent, or mortgage payments.
Fall prevention  
 
You get a $150 benefit amount (allowance) each year to 
purchase certain approved home and bathroom safety 
devices. These devices can help you manage physical 
impairments and improve your ability to move safely around 
your home.  
 
To learn more about this benefit and the safety devices 
available to you, call the phone number on your Member ID 
card.  
 
Please note: There is a limit of 3 orders per year, up to your 
annual benefit amount. You cannot pay out of pocket if your  
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  