If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
131Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
You must ask for a Fair Hearing in writing within 120 calendar days  of the date that we sent 
the decision letter on your Level 1 Appeal. The letter you get from us will tell you where to 
submit your hearing request.•
If you ask for an expedited, or “fast” Fair Hearing, and you meet all of the requirements for a 
“fast” hearing, a decision will be made within 72 hours of the agency’s receipt of your hearing 
request.•
However, if you are appealing because we told you we were going to stop or reduce services 
or items that you were already getting and you want to keep those services or items during 
your Fair Hearing, you must request that your benefits be continued in writing  on your Fair 
Hearing request, and you must send your request within 10 calendar days  of the date on the 
decision letter for your Level 1 appeal.  
 
Or, if you asked for an IURO appeal and received an adverse decision before requesting a Fair 
Hearing, you must send this written request within 10 calendar days  of the date on the letter 
informing you of the adverse decision on your IURO appeal.  
 
Please note that if you ask to have your services or items continue during a Fair Hearing 
and the final decision is not in your favor, you may be required to pay for the cost of the 
services or items.•
The Fair Hearing office gives you their decision in writing and explains the reasons.  
If the Fair Hearing office says Yes  to part or all of a request for a medical item or service, we must 
authorize or provide the service or item within 72 hours  after we get their decision.•
If the Fair Hearing office says No to part or all of your appeal, it means they agree that we should not 
approve your request (or part of your request) for coverage for medical care. This is called 
“upholding the decision” or “turning down your appeal.”•
If the IRO or Fair Hearing office decision is No for all or part of your request, you have additional appeal 
rights.  
 
If your Level 2 Appeal went to the IRO,  you can appeal again only if the dollar value of the service or item 
you want meets a certain minimum amount. An ALJ or attorney adjudicator handles a Level 3 Appeal. The 
letter you get from the IRO explains additional appeal rights you may have.  
 
The letter you get from the Fair Hearing office describes the next appeal option.  
 
Refer to Section J  for more information about your appeal rights after Level 2.
 
F5. Payment problems
 
We do not allow our network providers to bill you for covered services and items. This is true even if we 
pay the provider less than the provider charges for a covered service or item. You are never required to 
pay the balance of any bill.  
 
If you get a bill for covered services and items, send the bill to us. You should not pay the bill yourself. We 
will contact the provider directly and take care of the problem. If you do pay the bill, you can get a refund 
from our plan if you followed the rules for getting services or items.  