If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
151Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
Timeliness related to coverage 
decisions or appeals You think we don’t meet our deadlines for making a coverage 
decision or answering your appeal.•
You think that, after getting a coverage or appeal decision in 
your favor, we don’t meet the deadlines for approving or 
giving you the service or paying you back for certain medical 
services.•
You don’t think we sent your case to the IRO on time.•
 
There are different kinds of complaints.  You can make an internal complaint and/or an external 
complaint. An internal complaint is filed with and reviewed by our plan. An external complaint is filed with 
and reviewed by an organization not affiliated with our plan. If you need help making an internal and/or 
external complaint, you can call Member Services at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711).  
 
The legal term for a “complaint” is a “grievance. " 
 
The legal term for “making a complaint” is “filing a grievance. "
 
K2. Internal complaints
 
To make an internal complaint, call Member Services at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711). You can make the 
complaint at any time unless it is about a Medicare Part D drug. If the complaint is about a Medicare Part D 
drug, you must make it within 60 calendar  days after you had the problem you want to complain about.  
If there is anything else you need to do, Member Services will tell you.•
You can also write your complaint and send it to us. If you put your complaint in writing, we will 
respond to your complaint in writing.•
To file a grievance (complaint) in writing, send us your written complaint to  
Appeals and Greivances  
PO Box 818070  
Cleveland, OH 44181
Please be sure you provide all pertinent information, including any supporting documents you 
believe are appropriate.○
Your issue will be investigated by a member of our complaint team. If you submit your 
complaint verbally or in writing, we will inform you the result of our review in writing. Our 
notice will include a description of our understanding of your complaint and our resolution in 
clear terms.○
We must address your complaint as quickly as your case requires based on your health status, 
but no later than 30 calendar days after receiving your complaint. We may extend the 
timeframe by up to 14 calendar days if we justify a need for additional information and the 
delay is in your best interest.○
You also have the right to ask for a fast “expedited” grievance. A fast “expedited” grievance is 
a type of complaint that must be resolved within 24 hours from the time you contact us. You 
have the right to request a fast “expedited” grievance if you disagree with:
Our plan to take a 14 ‑calendar ‑day extension on an organization/coverage 
determination or reconsideration/redetermination (appeal); or○○•