If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
103Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  7 Asking us to pay a bill you got for covered services or drugs
proof of any payment you made. We will pay you back for your covered services.
3. If you are retroactively enrolled in our plan  
 
Sometimes your enrollment in the plan can be retroactive. (This means that the first day of your enrollment 
has passed. It may have even been last year.)  
If you were enrolled retroactively and you paid a bill after the enrollment date, you can ask us to pay 
you back.•
Send us the bill and proof of any payment you made.•
4. When you use an out ‑of‑network pharmacy to get a prescription filled  
 
If you use an out ‑of‑network pharmacy, you pay the full cost of your prescription.  
In only a few cases, we will cover prescriptions filled at out ‑of‑network pharmacies. Send us a copy 
of your receipt when you ask us to pay you back .•
Refer to Chapter  5 of your Evidence of Coverage  to learn more about out ‑of‑network pharmacies. •
5. When you pay the prescription cost because you don’t have your Member ID Card with you  
 
If you don’t have your Member ID Card with you, you can ask the pharmacy to call us or look up your plan 
enrollment information.  
If the pharmacy can’t get the information right away, you may have to pay the full prescription cost 
yourself or return to the pharmacy with your Member ID Card.•
Send us a copy of your receipt when you ask us to pay you back.•
6. When you pay the full prescription cost for a drug that’s not covered  
 
You may pay the full prescription cost because the drug isn’t covered.  
The drug may not be on our List of Covered Drugs  (Drug List) on our website, or it may have a 
requirement or restriction that you don’t know about or don’t think applies to you. If you decide to 
get the drug, you may need to pay the full cost.
If you don’t pay for the drug but think we should cover it, you can ask for a coverage decision 
(refer to Chapter  9 of your Evidence of Coverage ).○
If you and your doctor or other prescriber think you need the drug right away, (within 24 
hours), you can ask for a fast coverage decision (refer to Chapter  9 of your Evidence of 
Coverage ).○•
Send us a copy of your receipt when you ask us to pay you back. In some cases, we may need to get 
more information from your doctor or other prescriber to pay you back for  the drug.•
When you send us a request for payment, we review it and decide whether the service or drug should be 
covered. This is called making a “coverage decision.” If we decide the service or drug should be covered, 
we pay for it.  
 
If we deny your request for payment, you can appeal our decision. To learn how to make an appeal, refer 