If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
119Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
A. What to do if you have a problem or concern
 
This chapter explains how to handle problems and concerns. The process you use depends on the type of 
problem you have. Use one process for coverage decisions and appeals  and another for making 
complaints ; also called grievances.  
 
To ensure fairness and promptness, each process has a set of rules, procedures, and deadlines that we 
and you must follow.  
 
A1. About the legal terms
 
There are legal terms in this chapter for some rules and deadlines. Many of these terms can be hard to 
understand, so we use simpler words in place of certain legal terms when we can. We use abbreviations 
as little as possible.  
 
For example, we say:  
“Making a complaint” instead of “filing a grievance”•
“Coverage decision” instead of “organization determination,” “benefit determination,” “at ‑risk 
determination,” or “coverage determination”•
“Fast coverage decision” instead of “expedited determination”•
“Independent Review Organization” (IRO) instead of “Independent Review Entity” (IRE)•
Knowing the proper legal terms may help you communicate more clearly, so we provide those too.
 
B. Where to get help
 
B1. For more information and help
 
Sometimes it’s confusing to start or follow the process for dealing with a problem. This can be especially 
true if you don’t feel well or have limited energy. Other times, you may not have the information you need 
to take the next step.  
 
Help from the  State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)  
 
You can call the SHIP. The SHIP counselors can answer your questions and help you understand what to 
do about your problem. The SHIP is not connected with us or with any insurance company or health plan. 
The SHIP has trained counselors in every county, and services are free. The SHIP phone number is 
1‑800 ‑792‑8820 (TTY: 711).  
 
Help and information from Medicare  
 
For more information and help, you can contact Medicare. Here are two ways to get help from Medicare:  
Call 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users call •