If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
9Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  1 Getting started as a member
F. What to expect when you first join our health plan
 
When you first join our plan, you get a health risk assessment (HRA) within 90 days before or after your 
enrollment effective date.  
 
We must complete an HRA for you. This HRA is the basis for developing your care plan. The HRA includes 
questions to identify your medical, behavioral health, and functional needs, including but not limited to; 
walking, bathing, eating, toileting, and dressing.  
 
We reach out to you to complete the HRA. We can complete the HRA by an in ‑person visit, telephone call, 
or mail.  
 
We’ll send you more information about this HRA.
 
G. Your care team and care plan
 
G1. Care team
 
A care team can help you keep getting the care you need. A care team may include your doctor, a Care 
Manager, or other health person that you choose.  
 
A Care Manager is a person trained to help you manage the care you need. You get a Care Manager when 
you enroll in our plan. This person also refers you to other community resources that our plan may not 
provide and will work with your care team to help coordinate your care. Call us at the numbers at the 
bottom of the page for more information about your Care Manager and care team.
 
G2. Care plan
 
Your care team works with you to make a care plan. A care plan tells you and your doctors what services 
you need and how to get them. It includes your medical, behavioral health, and MLTSS or other services.  
 
Your care plan includes:  
your HRA findings,•
gaps in your care,•
your preferences to ensure you receive care based on your needs,•
your health care goals, and •
a timeline for getting the services you need.•
Your care team meets with you after your HRA. They ask you about services you need. They also tell you 
about services you may want to think about getting. Your care plan is created based on your needs and 
goals. Your care team works with you to update your care plan at least every year.
H. Your monthly costs for Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP)
 
Our plan has no premium.  