If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
75Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Supervised exercise therapy (SET) (continued)  
trained in both basic and advanced life support 
techniques
  Transportation  
 
Medicaid Fee ‑for‑Service directly covers non ‑emergency 
transportation.  
 
Covered services include mobile assistance vehicles (MAVs); 
non ‑emergency basic life support (BLS) ambulance 
(stretcher); and livery transportation services (such as bus 
and train fare or passes, or car service and reimbursement for 
mileage).  
 
All non ‑emergency transportation is arranged through the 
state’s transportation vendor, Modivcare. To schedule 
transportation, call Modivcare at 1 ‑866 ‑527‑9933. You can 
also ask your PCP or Care Manager to help you to arrange this 
service. Please call your Care Manager and/or Member 
Services for more information at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934. (TTY users 
should call 711). Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a 
week.
Urgently needed care  
 
Urgently needed care is care given to treat:  
a non ‑emergency that requires immediate medical 
care,  or•
a sudden medical illness, or •
an injury, or •
a condition that needs care right away.•
If you require urgently needed care, you should first try to get 
it from a network provider. However, you can use 
out‑of‑network providers when you can’t get to a network 
provider because given your circumstances, it is not possible, 
or it is unreasonable, to obtain services from network 
providers (for example, when you are outside the plan’s 
service area and you require medically needed immediate 
services for an unseen condition but it is not a medical 
emergency).  
 
In addition to Medicare ‑covered benefits, we also offer:   
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  