If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
57Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Hospice care (continued)  
Refer to  Section  E of this chapter for more information. •
For services covered by our plan but not covered by 
Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B:
Our plan covers services not covered under Medicare 
Part A or Medicare Part B. We cover the services 
whether or not they relate to your terminal prognosis. 
You pay nothing for these services.•
For drugs that may be covered by our plan’s Medicare Part 
D benefit:
Drugs are never covered by both hospice and our plan 
at the same time. For more information, refer 
to Chapter 5  of your Evidence of Coverage .•
Note:  If you need non ‑hospice care, call your Care Manager 
and/or Member Services to arrange the services. 
Non ‑hospice care is care that is not  related to your terminal 
prognosis. Our plan covers all of your medical care not related 
to your terminal prognosis as it normally would.
Immunizations   
 
We pay for the following services:  
pneumonia vaccine•
flu shots, once each flu season in the fall and winter, 
with additional flu shots if medically necessary•
hepatitis B vaccine if you are at high or intermediate risk 
of getting hepatitis B     •
COVID ‑19 vaccines  •
other vaccines if you are at risk and they meet Medicare 
Part B coverage rules•
We pay for other vaccines that meet the Medicare Part D 
coverage rules. Refer to  Chapter 6 of your Evidence of 
Coverage  to learn more.
Inpatient hospital care   
 
Includes inpatient acute, inpatient rehabilitation, long ‑term 
care hospitals and other types of inpatient hospital services. 
Inpatient hospital care starts the day you are formally   You must get approval from our plan 
to get inpatient care at an 
out‑of‑network hospital after your 
emergency is stabilized.
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  