If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
165Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  12 Definitions of important words
Emergency:  A medical emergency when you, or any other person with an average knowledge of health 
and medicine, believe that you have medical symptoms that need immediate medical attention to 
prevent death, loss of a body part, or loss of or serious impairment to a bodily function (and if you are a 
pregnant woman, loss of an unborn child). The medical symptoms may be an illness, injury, severe pain, 
or a medical condition that is quickly getting worse.  
 
Emergency care:  Covered services given by a provider trained to give emergency services and needed 
to treat a medical or behavioral health emergency.  
 
Exception:  Permission to get coverage for a drug not normally covered or to use the drug without certain 
rules and limitations.  
 
Excluded services:  Services that are not covered by this health plan  
 
Extra Help:  Medicare program that helps people with limited incomes and resources reduce Medicare 
Part D prescription drug costs, such as premiums, deductibles, and copays. Extra Help is also called the 
“Low ‑Income Subsidy,” or “LIS.”  
 
Evidence of Coverage  and Disclosure Information:  This document, along with your enrollment form 
and any other attachments, or riders, which explain your coverage, what we must do, your rights, and 
what you must do as a member of our plan.  
 
Generic drug:  A prescription drug approved by the federal government to use in place of a brand name 
drug. A generic drug has the same ingredients as a brand name drug. It’s usually cheaper and works just 
as well as the brand name drug.  
 
Grievance:  A complaint you make about us or one of our network providers or pharmacies. This includes 
a complaint about the quality of your care or the quality of service provided by your health plan.  
 
Health plan:  An organization made up of doctors, hospitals, pharmacies, providers of long ‑term services, 
and other providers. It also has Care Managers to help you manage all your providers and services. All of 
them work together to provide the care you need.  
 
Health risk assessment (HRA):  A review of your medical history and current condition. It’s used to learn 
about your health and how it might change in the future.  
 
Home health aide:  A person who provides services that don’t need the skills of a licensed nurse or 
therapist, such as help with personal care (like bathing, using the toilet, dressing, or carrying out the 
prescribed exercises). Home health aides don’t have a nursing license or provide therapy.   
 