If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
112Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  8 Your rights and responsibilities
advance directive:  
Get the form.  You can get the form from your doctor, a lawyer, a legal services agency, or a social 
worker. Pharmacies and provider offices often have the forms. You can find a free form online and 
download it. You can also contact Member Services to ask for the form.•
Fill out the form and sign it.  The form is a legal document. You should consider having a lawyer or 
someone else you trust, such as a family member or your PCP, help you complete it.•
Give copies to people who need to know.  You should give a copy of the form to your doctor. You 
should also give a copy to the person you name to make decisions for you. You may want to give 
copies to close friends or family members. Keep a copy at home.•
if you are being hospitalized and you have a signed advance directive, take a copy of it to the 
hospital.
The hospital will ask if you have a signed advance directive form and if you have it with you. ○
If you don’t have a signed advance directive form, the hospital has forms and will ask if you 
want to sign one.○•
You have the right to:  
Have your advance directive placed in your medical records.•
Change or cancel your advance directive at any time.•
Call Member Services for more information.
 
G3. What to do if your instructions are not followed
 
If you signed an advance directive and you think a doctor or hospital didn’t follow the instructions in it, you 
can make a complaint with the state agency that oversees advance directives. To find the appropriate 
agency in your state, contact the SHIP program at 1 ‑800 ‑792‑8820 (TTY: 711). For more details about State 
Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP), refer to  Chapter 2 .
 
H. Your right to make complaints and ask us to reconsider our decisions
 
Chapter 9  of your Evidence of Coverage  tells you what you can do if you have any problems or concerns 
about your covered services or care. For example, you can ask us to make a coverage decision, make an 
appeal to change a coverage decision, or make a complaint.  
 
You have the right to get information about appeals and complaints that other plan members have filed 
against us. Call Member Services to get this information.  
 
H1. What to do about unfair treatment or to get more information about your rights
 
If you think we treated you unfairly – and it is not about discrimination for reasons listed in Chapter  11 of 
your Evidence of Coverage  – or you want more information about your rights, you can call:  
Member Services.•
The SHIP program at 1 ‑800 ‑792‑8820 (TTY: 711). For more details about the SHIP, refer to Chapter •