If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
46Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Colorectal cancer screening (continued)  
Blood ‑based Biomarker Tests for patients 45 to 85 
years of age and not meeting high risk criteria. Once 
every 3 years.•
Barium Enema as an alternative to colonoscopy for 
patients at high risk and 24 months since the last 
screening barium enema or the last screening 
colonoscopy.•
Barium Enema as an alternative to flexible 
sigmoidoscopy for patients not at high risk and 45 years 
or older. Once at least 48 months following the last 
screening barium enema or screening flexible 
sigmoidoscopy.•
As of January 1, 2023, colorectal cancer screening tests 
include a follow ‑on screening colonoscopy after a Medicare 
covered non ‑invasive stool ‑based colorectal cancer 
screening test returns a positive result.
Dental services   
 
This benefit includes diagnostic, preventive, restorative, 
endodontic, periodontal, prosthetic, oral and maxillofacial 
surgical services, as well as other adjunctive general services.  
 
We pay for dental examinations, cleanings, fluoride treatment 
and any necessary x ‑rays. We pay for this service twice per 
rolling year. Examples of covered services include (but are not 
limited to):
oral evaluations (examinations)•
x‑rays and other diagnostic imaging •
dental cleaning (prophylaxis)•
topical fluoride treatments•
fillings•
crowns•
root canal therapy•
scaling and root planing•
complete and partial dentures•
oral surgical procedures (to include extractions)•
intravenous anesthesia/sedation (where medically 
necessary for oral surgical procedures)•
Additional diagnostic, preventive and designated periodontal  
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  