If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
120Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
1‑877‑486 ‑2048.
Visit the Medicare website ( www.medicare.gov ). •
Help and information from the NJ Department of Human Services, Division of Medical Assistance and 
Health Services (the New Jersey Medicaid program)  
 
You can get help and information from the Division of Medical Assistance & Health Services (the New 
Jersey Medicaid program) by calling 1 ‑800 ‑701‑0710 (TTY: 711). Their website can be found at 
state.nj.us/humanservices/dmahs/ .
 
C. Understanding Medicare and NJ FamilyCare complaints and appeals in our 
plan
 
You have Medicare and NJ FamilyCare. Information in this chapter applies to all of your Medicare and NJ 
FamilyCare benefits. This is sometimes called an “integrated process” because it combines, or integrates, 
Medicare and NJ FamilyCare processes.  
 
Sometimes Medicare and NJ FamilyCare processes cannot be combined. In those situations, you use one 
process for a Medicare benefit and another process for a NJ FamilyCare benefit. Section  F4 explains 
these situations.
 
D. Problems with your benefits
 
If you have a problem or concern, read the parts of this chapter that apply to your situation. The following 
chart helps you find the right section of this chapter for problems or complaints.  
 
Is your problem or concern about your benefits or coverage?  
 
This includes problems about whether particular medical care or prescription drugs are covered or not, 
the way they are covered, and problems about payment for medical care or prescription drugs.
Yes.
My problem is about benefits or coverage.
 
Refer to Section  E, “Coverage decisions and 
appeals.”No.
My problem is not about benefits or coverage.
 
Refer to Section K , “How to make a complaint.”
 
E. Coverage decisions and appeals
 
The process for asking for a coverage decision and making an appeal deals with problems related to your 
benefits and coverage. It also includes problems with payment.  
 
 