If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
28Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
 
Additionally, if you are undergoing certain courses of treatment, you may receive longer periods of care as 
indicated below:  
Pregnancy – up to the postpartum evaluation (up to six weeks after delivery)•
Post ‑operative follow ‑up care (up to six months) •
Oncological treatment (up to one year)•
Psychiatric treatment (up to one year)•
D2. Care from specialists and other network providers
 
A specialist is a doctor who provides health care for a specific disease or part of the body. There are many 
kinds of specialists, such as:  
Oncologists care for patients with cancer.•
Cardiologists care for patients with heart problems.•
Orthopedists care for patients with bone, joint, or muscle problems.•
What is the role of the PCP in referring members to specialists and other providers?  
Your PCP will provide most of your care and will help arrange or coordinate the rest of the covered 
services you get as a plan member.
Your PCP may refer you to a specialist, but you can go to any specialist in our network without a 
referral. Please refer to the Provider and Pharmacy Directory  or access our website at 
AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-find-provider  for a complete listing of PCPs and other participating 
providers in your area.•
What is the role of the PCP in making decisions about or obtaining prior authorization?  
In some cases, your PCP (or other provider), or you as the plan member, may need to request advance 
approval from our Medical Management Department for certain types of services or tests. This is called 
getting  prior authorization . Chapter 4  lists the services and items that require  prior authorization . 
 
D3. When a provider leaves our plan
 
A network provider you use may leave our plan. If one of your providers leaves our plan, you have certain 
rights and protections that are summarized below:  
Even if our network of providers changes during the year, we must give you uninterrupted access to 
qualified providers.•
We will notify you that your provider is leaving our plan so that you have time to select a new 
provider.•
If your primary care or behavioral health provider leaves our plan, we will notify you if you have 
seen that provider within the past three years.○
If any of your other providers leave our plan, we will notify you if you are assigned to the 
provider, currently receive care from them, or have seen them within the past three months.○
We help you select a new qualified in ‑network provider to continue managing your health care 
needs.•