If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
104Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  7 Asking us to pay a bill you got for covered services or drugs
to Chapter 9 of your Evidence of Coverage .
 
B. Sending us a request for payment
 
Send us your bill and proof of any payment you made for Medicare services. Proof of payment can be a 
copy of the check you wrote or a receipt from the provider. It’s a good idea to make a copy of your bill 
and receipts for your records . 
 
To make sure you give us all the information we need to decide, you can fill out our claim form to ask for 
payment.  
You aren’t required to use the form, but it helps us process the information faster.•
You can get the form on our website ( AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP ), or you can call Member 
Services and ask for the form.•
Mail your request for payment together with any bills or receipts to this address:  
 
For medical claims : Mail your request for payment together with any bills or paid receipts to us at this 
address:
Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP)
Aetna Duals COE Member Correspondence  
 
PO Box 982980
El Paso, TX  79998
 
You must send your information to us within 12 months  of the date you received the service, item, or Part 
B drug.  
 
For Part D prescription drug claims: Mail your request for payment together with any bills or paid 
receipts to us at this address:
Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP)
Aetna Integrated Pharmacy Solutions
PO Box 52446
Phoenix, AZ 85072  
 
You must submit your claim to us within 36 months  of the date you got the Part D drug.
 
C. Coverage decisions
 
When we get your request for payment, we make a coverage decision. This means that we decide if 
our plan covers your service, item, or drug . 
We will let you know if we need more information from you.•
If we decide that our plan covers the service, item, or drug and you followed all the rules for getting 
it, we will pay for it. If you already paid for the service or drug, we will mail you a check for what you •