If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
133Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
G1. Medicare Part D coverage decisions and appeals
 
Here are examples of coverage decisions you ask us to make about your Medicare Part D drugs:  
You ask us to make an exception, including asking us to:
cover a Medicare Part D drug that is not on our plan’s Drug List or ○
set aside a restriction on our coverage for a drug (such as limits on the amount you can get) ○•
You ask us if a drug is covered for you (such as when your drug is on our plan’s Drug List but we 
must approve it for you before we cover it)•
NOTE:  If your pharmacy tells you that your prescription can’t be filled as written, the pharmacy gives you a 
written notice explaining how to contact us to ask for a coverage decision.  
 
An initial coverage decision about your Medicare Part D drugs is called a “coverage determination.”
 
You ask us to pay for a drug you already bought. This is asking for a coverage decision about 
payment.•
If you disagree with a coverage decision we made, you can appeal our decision. This section tells you both 
how to ask for coverage decisions and how to make an appeal. Use the chart below to help you.  
 
Which of these situations are you in?
You need a drug that 
isn’t on our Drug List or 
need us to set aside a 
rule or restriction on a 
drug we cover.  
 
 
 
You can ask us to make 
an exception.  (This is a 
type of coverage 
decision.)  
 
Start with  
Section G2,  then refer 
to Sections G3 and G4.You want us to cover a 
drug on our Drug List, 
and you think you meet 
plan rules or restrictions 
(such as getting 
approval in advance) for 
the drug you need.  
 
You can ask us for a 
coverage decision.  
 
 
 
Refer to Section G4.You want to ask us to 
pay you back for a drug 
you already got and 
paid for.  
 
 
 
 
You can ask us to pay 
you back.  (This is a type 
of coverage decision.)  
 
 
Refer to Section G4.  We told you that we 
won’t cover or pay for a 
drug in the way that you 
want.  
 
 
 
 
You can make an 
appeal.  (This means you 
ask us to reconsider.)  
 
 
Refer to  Section G5.  
 
G2. Medicare Part D exceptions
 
If we don’t cover a drug in the way you would like, you can ask us to make an “exception.” If we turn down 
your request for an exception, you can appeal our decision.  
 
When you ask for an exception, your doctor or other prescriber needs to explain the medical reasons why 
you need the exception.  