If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
12Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  1 Getting started as a member
 
Definition of network providers  
Our network providers include:  
doctors, nurses, and other health care professionals that you can use as a member of our plan; ○
clinics, hospitals, nursing facilities, and other places that provide health services in our plan; and ○
MLTSS, behavioral health services, home health agencies, durable medical equipment (DME) 
suppliers, and others who provide goods and services that you get through Medicare or Medicaid.○•
Network providers agree to accept payment from our plan for covered services as payment in full.  
 
Definition of network pharmacies  
Network pharmacies are pharmacies that agree to fill prescriptions for our plan members. Use the 
Provider and Pharmacy Directory  to find the network pharmacy you want to use.•
Except during an emergency, you must fill your prescriptions at one of our network pharmacies if 
you want our plan to pay for them.•
Call Member Services at the numbers at the bottom of the page for more information. Both Member 
Services and our website can give you the most up ‑to‑date information about changes in our network 
pharmacies and providers.
 
J3. List of Covered Drugs
 
The plan has a List of Covered Drugs . We call it the “Drug List” for short. It tells you which prescription 
drugs our plan covers.  
 
The Drug List also tells you if there are any rules or restrictions on any drugs, such as a limit on the amount 
you can get. Refer to Chapter 5  of your  Evidence of Coverage  for more information.  
 
Each year, we send you information about how to access the Drug List, but some changes may occur 
during the year. To get the most up ‑to‑date information about which drugs are covered, call Member 
Services or visit our website at the address at the bottom of the page.
 
J4. The Explanation of Benefits
 
When you use your Medicare Part D prescription drug benefits, we send you a summary to help you 
understand and keep track of payments for your Medicare Part D prescription drugs. This summary is 
called the Explanation of Benefits (EOB).  
 
The EOB tells you the total amount you, or others on your behalf, spent on your Medicare Part D 
prescription drugs and the total amount we paid for each of your Medicare Part D prescription drugs 
during the month. This EOB is not a bill. The EOB has more information about the drugs you take. Chapter 
6 of your Evidence of Coverage  gives more information about the EOB and how it helps you track your 
drug coverage.  
 
You can also ask for an EOB. To get a copy, contact Member Services at the number at the bottom of the 
page.
 