If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
27Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
Nurse Practitioners •
Please refer to your Provider and Pharmacy Directory  or go to our website at 
AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-find-provider  for a complete listing of PCPs in your area.
 
What is the role of a PCP in coordinating covered services?  
Your PCP will provide most of your care, and when you need more specialized services, they will 
coordinate with other providers. Your PCP will help you find a specialist and will arrange for covered 
services you get as a member of our plan. Some of the services that the PCP will coordinate include:
x‑rays •
laboratory tests•
therapies•
care from doctors who are specialists•
hospital admissions•
“Coordinating” your services includes consulting with other plan providers about your care and how it is 
progressing. Since your PCP will provide and coordinate most of your medical care, we recommend that 
you have your past medical records sent to your PCP’s office.  
 
What is the role of the PCP in making decisions about or obtaining prior authorization?  
In some cases, your PCP (or other provider), or you as the plan member, may need to request advance 
approval from our Medical Management Department for certain types of services or tests. This is called 
getting prior authorization . Chapter 4  lists the services and items that require prior authorization . 
 
Your choice of PCP  
You can select your PCP by using the Provider and Pharmacy Directory,  by accessing our website at 
AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-find-provider , or getting help from Member Services.   
 
If you have not selected a PCP, a PCP will be selected for you. You can change your PCP (as explained 
later in this section) for any reason, and at any time, by contacting Member Services.  
 
Option to change your PCP  
You may change your PCP for any reason, at any time. Also, it’s possible that your PCP may leave our 
plan’s network. If your PCP leaves our network, we can help you find a new PCP in our network.  
 
To change your PCP, call Member Services before  you set up an appointment with a new PCP. When you 
call, be sure to tell Member Services if you are seeing specialists or currently getting other covered 
services that were coordinated by your PCP (such as home health services and durable medical 
equipment). They will check to see if the PCP you want to switch to is accepting new patients. Member 
Services will change your membership record to show the name of your new PCP, let you know the 
effective date of your change request, and answer your questions about the change. They will also send 
you a new membership card that shows the name and/or phone number of your new PCP.  
 
Under certain circumstances, you may continue receiving covered services from a participating physician 
or other health care professional who has left the network for up to four months beyond the effective date 
of termination (the end of the notice period).  