If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
25Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
A. Information about services and providers
 
Services  are health care, Managed Long ‑Term Services and Supports (MLTSS), supplies, behavioral 
health services, prescription and over ‑the‑counter drugs, equipment and other services. Covered 
services  are any of these services that our plan pays for. Covered health care, behavioral health, 
and MLTSS are in Chapter 4  of your Evidence of Coverage . Your covered services for prescription and 
over ‑the‑counter drugs are in Chapter 5  of your Evidence of Coverage . 
 
Providers  are doctors, nurses, and other people who give you services and care. Providers also include 
hospitals, home health agencies, clinics, and other places that give you health care services, behavioral 
health services, medical equipment, and certain MLTSS.  
 
Network providers  are providers who work with our plan. These providers agree to accept our payment 
as full payment. Network providers bill us directly for care they give you. When you use a network 
provider, you usually pay nothing for covered services.
 
B. Rules for getting services our plan covers
 
Our plan covers all services covered by Medicare and NJ FamilyCare. This includes behavioral health and 
Managed Long ‑Term Services and Supports (MLTSS).  
 
Our plan will generally pay for health care services, behavioral health services, and MLTSS you get when 
you follow our rules. To be covered by our plan:  
The care you get must be a plan benefit . This means we include it in our Benefits Chart in Chapter  4  
of your  Evidence of Coverage .•
The care must be  medically necessary.  By medically necessary, we mean you need services to 
prevent, diagnose, or treat your condition or to maintain your current health status. This includes 
care that keeps you from going into a hospital or nursing facility. It also means the services, supplies, 
or drugs meet accepted standards of medical practice.•
For medical services, you must have a network primary care provider (PCP)  who orders the care or 
tells you to use another doctor. As a plan member, you must choose a network provider to be your 
PCP.
You do not need a referral from your PCP for emergency care or urgently needed care or to 
use a woman’s health provider. You can get other kinds of care without having a referral from 
your PCP (for more information, refer to  Section D1 in this chapter).○•
You must get your care from network providers.  Usually, we won’t cover care from a provider who 
doesn’t work with our health plan. This means that you will have to pay the provider in full for the 
services provided. Here are some cases when this rule does not apply:
We cover emergency or urgently needed care from an out ‑of‑network provider (for more 
information, refer to Section H  in this chapter).○
If you need care that our plan covers and our network providers can’t give it to you, you can 
get care from an out ‑of‑network provider. Prior authorization should be obtained from the plan 
prior to seeking care. In this situation, we cover the care at no cost to you.○
We cover kidney dialysis services when you’re outside our plan’s service area for a short time 
or when your provider is temporarily unavailable or not accessible. You can get these services ○•