If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
117Chapter 9: What to do if you have a problem or complaint 
(coverage decisions, appeals, complaints)
Introduction  
 
This chapter has information about your rights. Read this chapter to find out what to do if:  
You have a problem with or complaint about your plan.•
You need a service, item, or medication that your plan said it won’t pay for.•
You disagree with a decision your plan made about your care.•
You think your covered services are ending too soon.•
You have a problem or complaint with your long‑term services and supports, which include Home 
and Community Based Services (HCBS) and Nursing Facility (NF) services.•
This chapter is in different sections to help you easily find what you are looking for. If you have a problem 
or concern, read the parts of this chapter that apply to your situation : You should get the health care, 
drugs, and long‑term services and supports that your doctor and other providers determine are necessary 
for your care as a part of your care plan.   
 
If you have a problem with your care, you can call the Office of the Insurance Ombudsman Program 
at 1 ‑800 ‑446 ‑7467 for help . This chapter explains different options you have for different problems and 
complaints, but you can always call the Ombudsman Program to help guide you through your problem. 
For additional resources to address your concerns and ways to contact them, refer to Chapter 2  of your 
Evidence of Coverage . 
 
Table of Contents  
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, 
appeals, complaints)
A. What to do if you have a problem or concern 118
A1.About the legal terms 118
B. Where to get help 118
B1.For more information and help 118
C. Understanding Medicare and NJ FamilyCare complaints and appeals in 
our plan 120
D. Problems with your benefits 120
E. Coverage decisions and appeals 120
E1.Coverage decisions 121
E2. Appeals 121
E3. Help with coverage decisions and appeals 121