If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
77Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
“Welcome to Medicare” preventive visit   
 
We cover the one ‑time “Welcome to Medicare” preventive 
visit. The visit includes:  
a review of your health,•
education and counseling about the preventive services 
you need (including screenings and shots), and  •
referrals for other care if you need it•
Note:  We cover the “Welcome to Medicare” preventive visit 
only during the first 12 months that you have Medicare Part B. 
When you make your appointment, tell your doctor’s office 
you want to schedule your “Welcome to Medicare” preventive 
visit.
  Wigs for hair loss related to chemotherapy  
 
This benefit is offered for hair loss as a result of 
chemotherapy.  
 
Plan pays up to $400 every year for covered wigs. You are 
responsible for any amount above the wig coverage limit.  
 
Members can get wigs through a durable medical equipment 
(DME) supplier, or purchase from a supplier of their choice 
and submit a claim for reimbursement. To find a DME supplier 
visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-find-provider .
 
E. Benefits covered outside of our plan
 
We don’t cover the following services, but they are available through NJ FamilyCare.  
Non ‑emergency transportation, including mobile assistance vehicles (MAVs); non ‑emergency basic 
life support (BLS) ambulance (stretcher); and delivery transportation services (such as bus and train 
fare or passes, or car service and reimbursement for mileage). These services are paid for directly 
by Medicaid (also known as Medicaid Fee ‑for‑Service).•
E1. Hospice care
 
You have the right to elect hospice if your provider and hospice medical director determine you have a 
terminal prognosis. This means you have a terminal illness and are expected to have six months or less to 
live. You can get care from any hospice program certified by Medicare. The plan must help you find 
Medicare ‑certified hospice programs. Your hospice doctor can be a network provider or an 
out‑of‑network provider.  
 