If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
98Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  6 What you pay for your Medicare and NJ FamilyCare prescription drugs
When you pay a copay for drugs that you get under a drug maker’s patient assistance program•
When you buy covered drugs at an out ‑of‑network pharmacy •
When you pay the full price for a covered drug•
For more information about asking us to pay you back for a drug, refer to Chapter 7  of your Evidence 
of Coverage.  
 
Send us information about payments others have made for you.  
 
Payments made by certain other people and organizations also count toward your out ‑of‑pocket 
costs. For example, payments made by an AIDS drug assistance program (ADAP), the Indian Health 
Service, and most charities count toward your out ‑of‑pocket costs.  
 3. 
Check the EOBs we send you.  
 
When you get an EOB in the mail, make sure it is complete and correct.
Do you recognize the name of each pharmacy? Check the dates. Did you get drugs that day? •
Did you get the drugs listed?  Do they match those listed on your receipts? Do the drugs match 
what your doctor prescribed?•4. 
For more information, you can call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) Member Services or read the 
Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) Evidence of Coverage . You can access your  Evidence of 
Coverage  at our plan's website at AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP . 
 
What if you find mistakes on this summary?  
 
If something is confusing or doesn’t seem right on this EOB, please call us at Aetna Assure Premier Plus 
(HMO D ‑SNP) Member Services. You can also find answers to many questions on our website: 
AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP . 
 
What about possible fraud?  
 
If this summary shows drugs you’re not taking or anything else that seems suspicious to you, please 
contact us.  
Call us at Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) Member Services. •
Or call Medicare at 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227). TTY users should call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048. You 
can call these numbers for free, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.•
If you think something is wrong or missing, or if you have any questions, call Member Services. Keep these 
EOBs. They are an important record of your drug expenses.
 
 
C. You pay nothing for a one ‑month or long ‑term supply of drugs
 
With our plan, you pay nothing for covered drugs as long as you follow our rules. Refer to  Chapter 9  of the 
Evidence of Coverage  to learn about how to file an appeal if you are told a drug will not be covered. To 