If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
122Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
(TTY: 711).
Your doctor or other provider.  Your doctor or other provider can ask for a coverage decision or 
appeal on your behalf.•
A friend or family member.  You can name another person to act for you as your “representative” 
and ask for a coverage decision or make an appeal.•
A lawyer.  You have the right to a lawyer, but you are not required to have a lawyer  to ask for a 
coverage decision or make an appeal.
Call your own lawyer, or get the name of a lawyer from the local bar association or other 
referral service. Some legal groups will give you free legal services if you qualify.○•
Fill out the Appointment of Representative form if you want a lawyer or someone else to act as your 
representative. The form gives someone permission to act for you.  
 
Call Member Services at the numbers at the bottom of the page and ask for the “Appointment of 
Representative” form. You can also get the form by visiting www.cms.gov/Medicare/CMS-Forms/CMS-
Forms/downloads/cms1696.pdf.  You must give us a copy of the signed form.
 
E4. Which section of this chapter can help you
 
There are four situations that involve coverage decisions and appeals. Each situation has different rules 
and deadlines. We give details for each one in a separate section of this chapter. Refer to the section that 
applies:  
Section F,  “Medical care” •
Section G,  “Medicare Part D prescription drugs” •
Section H,  “Asking us to cover a longer hospital stay” •
Section I,  “Asking us to continue covering certain medical services” (This section only applies to 
these services: home health care, skilled nursing facility care, and Comprehensive Outpatient 
Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) services.)•
If you’re not sure which section to use, call Member Services at the numbers at the bottom of the page. 
You can also get help or information from government organizations such as your SHIP program at 
1‑800 ‑792‑8820 (TTY: 711).
 
F. Medical care
 
This section explains what to do if you have problems getting coverage for medical care or if you want us 
to pay you back for your care.  
 
This section is about your benefits for medical care and services that are described in Chapter  4 of your 
Evidence of Coverage . We generally refer to “medical care coverage” or “medical care” in the rest of this 
section. The term “medical care” includes medical services and items, behavioral health services, and 
MLTSS services, as well as Medicare Part B prescription drugs which are drugs administered by your 
doctor or health care professional. Different rules may apply to a Medicare Part B prescription drug. When 
they do, we explain how rules for Medicare Part B prescription drugs differ from rules for medical services 
and items.  