If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
97Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  6 What you pay for your Medicare and NJ FamilyCare prescription drugs
A. The Explanation of Benefits  (EOB)
 
Our plan keeps track of your prescription drugs. We keep track of two types of costs:  
Your out ‑of‑pocket costs.  This is the amount of money you, or others on your behalf, pay for your 
prescriptions.•
Your  total drug costs.  This is the amount of money you, or others on your behalf, pay for your 
prescriptions, plus the amount we pay.•
When you get prescription drugs through our plan, we send you a summary called the Explanation of 
Benefits. We call it the EOB for short. The EOB is not a bill. The EOB has more information about the drugs 
you. The EOB includes:
Information for the month.  The summary tells what prescription drugs you got for the previous 
month. It shows the total drug costs, what we paid, and what you and others paying for you paid.•
Year ‑to‑date information.  This is your total drug costs and total payments made since January 1. •
Drug price information.  This is the total price of the drug and any percentage change in the drug 
price since the first fill.•
Lower cost alternatives. When available, they appear in the summary below your current drugs. 
You can talk to your prescriber to find out more.•
We offer coverage of drugs not covered under Medicare.  
Payments made for these drugs do not count towards your total out ‑of‑pocket costs. •
To find out which drugs our plan covers, refer to our Drug List. In addition to the drugs covered 
under Medicare, some prescription and over ‑the‑counter drugs are covered under NJ FamilyCare. 
These drugs are included in the Drug List.•
B. How to keep track of your drug costs
 
To keep track of your drug costs and the payments you make, we use records we get from you and from 
your pharmacy. Here is how you can help us:  
Use your Member ID card.  
 
Show your Member ID Card every time you get a prescription filled. This helps us know what 
prescriptions you fill and what you pay.  
 1. 
Make sure we have the information we need.  
 
Give us copies of receipts for covered drugs that you paid for. You can ask us to pay you back for the 
drug.  
 
Here are some times when you should give us copies of your receipts:
When you buy a covered drug at a network pharmacy at a special price or using a discount card 
that is not part of our plan’s benefit•2. 