If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
114Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  8 Your rights and responsibilities
period, you can switch to Original Medicare or enroll in a Medicare health or prescription drug 
plan in your new location. We can tell you if we have a plan in your new area.
Tell Medicare and NJ FamilyCare your new address when you move. Refer to Chapter  2 of 
your Evidence of Coverage  for phone numbers for Medicare and NJ FamilyCare.○
If you move and stay in our service area, we still need to know.  We need to keep your 
membership record up to date and know how to contact you.○
Call Member Services for help if you have questions or concerns.•
J. Other rights and responsibilities under NJ FamilyCare
 
J1. Member responsibilities
 
You must:  
Provide, as much as possible, the information the professional staff needs to care for you       •
Follow the instructions and guidelines given by your health care providers•
J2. Member rights
 
You have the right:  
To be treated with respect, dignity, and need for privacy•
To be given information about the organization, its services, the practitioners providing care, and 
your rights and responsibilities•
To be able to communicate and be understood, with the help of a translator if you need one•
To choose your primary care practitioners (within the plan network) and the right to refuse care from 
specific practitioners•
To participate in making decisions about your health care•
To be fully informed by the Primary Care Practitioner, other health care provider, or Care Manager 
about your health and functional status, and to participate in developing a plan of care that 
promotes your functional abilities and encourages independence•
To voice any complaints about the organization or the care you get and to recommend changes in 
policies and services to plan staff, providers, and outside representatives of your choice. You have 
the right to do this free of restraint, interference, coercion, discrimination, or reprisal by the plan or 
its providers•
To prepare advance directives•
To access your medical records, following applicable Federal and State laws•
To be free from harm, including unnecessary physical restraints or isolation, too much medication, 
physical or mental abuse, or neglect•
To be free of hazardous procedures•
To receive information on available treatment options or alternative courses of care•
To refuse treatment and to be informed of the consequences of such refusal•
To have services provided that promote•