If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
121Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
 
E1. Coverage decisions
 
A coverage decision is a decision we make about your benefits and coverage for your medical services or 
drugs. For example, if your plan network provider refers you to a medical specialist outside of the network, 
this referral is considered a favorable decision unless either your network provider can show that you 
received a standard denial notice for this medical specialist, or the referred service is never covered under 
any condition (refer to Chapter 4,  Section F  of your Evidence of Coverage ). 
 
You or your doctor can also contact us and ask for a coverage decision. You or your doctor may be unsure 
whether we cover a specific medical service or if we may refuse to provide medical care you think you 
need. If you want to know if we will cover a medical service before you get it, you can ask us to make 
a coverage decision for you.  
 
We make a coverage decision whenever we decide what is covered for you. In some cases, we may 
decide a service or drug is not covered or is no longer covered for you by Medicare or NJ FamilyCare. If 
you disagree with this coverage decision, you can make an appeal.
 
E2. Appeals
 
If we make a coverage decision and you are not satisfied with this decision, you can “appeal” the decision. 
An appeal is a formal way of asking us to review and change a coverage decision we have made.  
 
When you appeal a decision for the first time, this is called a Level 1 Appeal. In this appeal, we review the 
coverage decision we made to check if we followed all rules properly. Different reviewers than those who 
made the original unfavorable decision handle your appeal.  
 
When we complete the review, we give you our decision. Under certain circumstances, explained later in 
this chapter, you can ask for an expedited or “fast coverage decision” or “fast appeal” of a coverage 
decision.  
 
If we say No to part or all of what you asked for, we will send you a letter. If your problem is about 
coverage of a Medicare medical service or item or Part B drugs, the letter will tell you that we sent your 
case to the Independent Review Organization (IRO) for a Level 2 Appeal. If your problem is about coverage 
of a Medicare Part D or Medicaid service or item, the letter will tell you how to file a Level 2 Appeal 
yourself. Refer to  Section F4  for more information about Level 2 Appeals. If your problem is about 
coverage of a service or item covered by both Medicare and Medicaid, the letter will give you information 
regarding both types of Level 2 Appeals.  
 
If you are not satisfied with the Level 2 Appeal decision, you may be able to go through additional levels of 
appeal.
 
E3. Help with coverage decisions and appeals
 
You can ask for help from any of the following:  
Member Services  at the numbers at the bottom of the page. •
The State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP), which can be reached at 1 ‑800 ‑792‑8820 •