If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
87Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
Use of the drug must be approved by the FDA or supported by certain medical references as a 
treatment for your condition. Your doctor may prescribe a certain drug to treat your condition, even 
though it wasn’t approved to treat the condition. This is called “off ‑label use.” Our plan usually 
doesn’t cover drugs prescribed for off ‑label use.3. 
Also, by law, Medicare or NJ FamilyCare cannot cover the types of drugs listed below.  
drugs used to promote fertility•
drugs used for the relief of cough or cold symptoms•
drugs used for cosmetic purposes or to promote hair growth•
prescription vitamins and mineral products, except prenatal vitamins and fluoride preparations•
drugs used for the treatment of sexual or erectile dysfunction•
drugs used for the treatment of anorexia, weight loss or weight gain•
outpatient drugs made by a company that says you must have tests or services done only by them•
 
C. Limits on some drugs
 
For certain prescription drugs, special rules limit how and when our plan covers them. Generally, our rules 
encourage you to get a drug that works for your medical condition and is safe and effective. When a safe, 
lower ‑cost drug works just as well as a higher ‑cost drug, we expect your provider to prescribe the 
lower ‑cost drug.  
 
If there is a special rule for your drug, it usually means that you or your provider must take extra steps 
for us to cover the drug.  For example, your provider may have to tell us your diagnosis or provide results 
of blood tests first. If you or your provider thinks our rule should not apply to your situation, ask us to make 
an exception. We may or may not agree to let you use the drug without taking extra steps.  
 
To learn more about asking for exceptions, refer to Chapter 9  of your Evidence of Coverage  
 
1. Limiting use of a brand name drug when a generic version is available  
 
Generally, a generic drug works the same as a brand name drug and usually costs less. In most cases, 
if there is a generic version of a brand name drug available, our network pharmacies give you the generic 
version.  
We usually do not pay for the brand name drug when there is an available generic version.•
However, if your provider told us the medical reason that the generic drug not work for you or wrote 
“No substitutions” on your prescription for a brand name drug  or told us the medical reason that the 
generic drug or other covered drugs that treat the same condition will not work for you, then we 
cover the brand name drug.•
2. Getting plan approval in advance  
 
For some drugs, you or your doctor must get approval from our plan before you fill your prescription. If you 
don’t get approval, we may not cover the drug.  