If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
95Chapter 6: What you pay for your Medicare and NJ 
FamilyCare prescription drugs
 
Introduction  
 
This chapter tells what you pay for your outpatient prescription drugs. By “drugs,” we mean:  
Medicare Part D prescription drugs, and •
Drugs and items covered under Medicaid.•
Because you are eligible for NJ FamilyCare, you get “Extra Help” from Medicare to help pay for your 
Medicare Part D prescription drugs.  
 
Extra Help  is a Medicare program that helps people with limited incomes and resources reduce 
Medicare Part D prescription drug costs, such as premiums, deductibles, and copays. Extra Help is 
also called the “Low ‑Income Subsidy,” or “LIS.”
 
Other key terms and their definitions appear in alphabetical order in the last chapter of your Evidence of 
Coverage.   
 
To learn more about prescription drugs, you can look in these places:  
Our List of Covered Drugs .
We call this the “Drug List.” It tells you:
Which drugs we pay for•
If there are any limits on the drugs•○
If you need a copy of our Drug List, call Member Services. You can also find the most current copy 
of our Drug List on our website at AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-drug-formulary .○•
Chapter 5  of your Evidence of Coverage.
It tells how to get your outpatient prescription drugs through our plan. ○
It includes rules you need to follow. It also tells which types of prescription drugs our plan does not 
cover.○
When you use the plan’s “Real Time Benefit Tool” to look up drug coverage (refer to Chapter 5 , 
Section B2 ), the cost shown is provided in “real time” meaning the cost displayed in the tool 
reflects a moment in time to provide an estimate of the out ‑of‑pocket costs you are expected to 
pay. You can call your Care Manager or Member Services for more information.○•
Our Provider and Pharmacy Directory.
In most cases, you must use a network pharmacy to get your covered drugs. Network pharmacies 
are pharmacies that agree to work with us.○
The Provider and Pharmacy Directory  lists our network pharmacies. Refer to  Chapter 5 of your 
Evidence of Coverage  more information about network pharmacies.○•
 