If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
146Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
We pay you back for the costs of care you got since the date when we said your coverage would 
end.•
We will provide coverage for the care for as long as it is medically necessary.•
If the QIO says No to your appeal:  
They agree with our decision to end your care and will not change it.•
They give you a letter that tells you what you can do if you want to continue the appeals process and 
make a Level 3 Appeal.•
An ALJ or attorney adjudicator handles Level 3 Appeals. Refer to Section J  for information about Level 3, 
4, and 5 Appeals.
 
I4. Making a Level 1 Alternate Appeal
 
As explained in Section I2 , you must act quickly and contact the QIO to start your Level 1 Appeal. If you 
miss the deadline, you can use an “Alternate Appeal” process.  
 
Contact Member Services at the numbers at the bottom of the page and ask us for a “fast review.”  
 
The legal term for “fast review” or “fast appeal” is “expedited appeal. ”
 
We look at all of the information about your case.•
We check that the first decision was fair and followed the rules when we set the date for ending 
coverage for your services.•
We use fast deadlines instead of standard deadlines and give you our decision within 72 hours of 
when you asked for a fast review.•
If we say Yes  to your fast appeal:  
We agree that you need services longer.•
We will provide your covered services for as long as the services are medically necessary.•
We agree to pay you back for the costs of care you got since the date when we said your coverage 
would end.•
If we say No to your fast appeal:  
Our coverage for these services ends on the date we told you.•
We will not pay any of the costs after this date.•
You pay the full cost of these services if you continue getting them after the date we told you our 
coverage would end.•
We send your appeal to the IRO to make sure we followed all the rules. When we do this, your case 
automatically goes to the Level 2 appeals process.•
I5. Making a Level 2 Alternate Appeal