If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
35Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
Chapter  9 of your Evidence of Coverage  explains what to do if you want us to cover a medical service or 
item. It also tells you how to appeal our coverage decision. Call Member Services to learn more about your 
appeal rights.  
 
We pay for some services up to a certain limit. If you go over the limit, you pay the full cost to get more of 
that type of service. Refer to Chapter  4  for specific benefit limits. Call Member Services to find out what 
the benefit limits are and how much of your benefits you’ve used.
 
K. Coverage of health care services in a clinical research study
 
K1. Definition of a clinical research study
 
A clinical research study (also called a clinical trial) is a way doctors test new types of health care or drugs. 
A clinical research study approved by Medicare typically asks for volunteers to be in the study.  
 
Once Medicare approves a study you want to be in, and you express interest, someone who works on the 
study contacts you. That person tells you about the study and finds out if you qualify to be in it. You can be 
in the study as long as you meet the required conditions. You must understand and accept what you must 
do in the study.  
 
While you’re in the study, you may stay enrolled in our plan. That way, our plan continues to cover you for 
services and care not related to the study.  
 
If you want to take part in any Medicare ‑approved clinical research study, you do not need to tell us or get 
approval from us or your primary care provider. Providers that give you care as part of the study do not 
need to be network providers.  
 
Please note that this does not include benefits for which our plan is responsible that include, as a 
component, a clinical trial or registry to assess the benefit. These include certain benefits specified under 
national coverage determinations (NCDs) and investigational device trials (IDE) and may be subject to 
prior authorization and other plan rules.  
 
We encourage you to tell us before you take part in a clinical research study.  
If you plan to be in a clinical research study covered for enrollees by Original Medicare, we encourage you 
or your Care Manager to contact Member Services to let us know you will take part in a clinical trial.  
 
K2. Payment for services when you are in a clinical research study
 
If you volunteer for a clinical research study that Medicare approves, you pay nothing for the services 
covered under the study. Medicare pays for services covered under the study as well as routine costs 
associated with your care. Once you join a Medicare ‑approved clinical research study, you’re covered for 
most services and items you get as part of the study. This includes:  
room and board for a hospital stay that Medicare would pay for even if you weren’t in a study•
an operation or other medical procedure that is part of the research study•
treatment of any side effects and complications of the new care•