If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
93Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
is voluntary and free. This program helps you and your provider make sure that your medications are 
working to improve your health. If you qualify for the program, a pharmacist or other health professional 
will give you a comprehensive review of all of your medications and talk with you about:  
how to get the most benefit from the drugs you take•
any concerns you have, like medication costs and drug reactions•
how best to take your medications•
any questions or problems you have about your prescription and over ‑the‑counter medication •
Then, they will give you:  
A written summary of this discussion. The summary has a medication action plan that recommends 
what you can do for the best use of your medications.•
A personal medication list that includes all medications you take, how much you take, and when and 
why you take them.•
Information about safe disposal of prescription medications that are controlled substances.•
It’s a good idea to talk to your doctor about your action plan and medication list.  
Take your action plan and medication list to your visit or anytime you talk with your doctors, 
pharmacists, and other health care providers.•
Take your medication list with you if you go to the hospital or emergency room.•
MTM programs are voluntary and free to members who qualify. If we have a program that fits your needs, 
we enroll you in the program and send you information. If you do not want to be in the program, let us 
know, and we will take you out of it.  
 
If you have questions about these programs, contact Member Services.
 
G3. Drug management program for safe use of opioid medications
 
Our plan has a program that can help members safely use their prescription opioid medications and other 
medications that are frequently misused. This program is called a Drug Management Program (DMP).  
 
If you use opioid medications that you get from several doctors or pharmacies or if you had a recent opioid 
overdose, we may talk to your doctors to make sure your use of opioid medications is appropriate and 
medically necessary. Working with your doctors, if we decide your use of prescription opioid medications 
is not safe, we may limit how you can get those medications. Limitations may include:  
Requiring you to get all prescriptions for those medications from certain pharmacies and/or from 
certain doctors•
Limiting the amount of those medications we cover for you•
If we think that one or more limitations should apply to you, we send you a letter in advance. The letter will 
tell you if we will limit coverage of these drugs for you, or if you'll be required to get the prescriptions for 
these drugs only from a specific provider or pharmacy.  
 
You will have a chance to tell us which doctors or pharmacies you prefer to use and any information 