If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
170Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  12 Definitions of important words
Personal health information (also called Protected health information) (PHI):  Information about you 
and your health, such as your name, address, social security number, physician visits, and medical 
history. Refer to our Notice of Privacy Practices for more information about how we protect, use, and 
disclose your PHI, as well as your rights with respect to your PHI.  
 
Primary care provider (PCP):  The doctor or other provider you use first for most health problems. They 
make sure you get the care you need to stay healthy.  
They also may talk with other doctors and health care providers about your care and refer you to 
them.•
In many Medicare health plans, you must use your primary care provider before you use any other 
health care provider.•
Refer to Chapter 3  of your Evidence of Coverage  for information about getting care from primary 
care providers.•
Prior authorization (PA):  An approval you must get from us before you can get a specific service or drug 
or use an out ‑of‑network provider. Our plan may not cover the service or drug if you don’t get approval 
first.  
 
Our plan covers some network medical services only if your doctor or other network provider gets PA 
from us.  
Covered services that need our plan’s PA are marked in Chapter 4  of your Evidence of Coverage . •
Our plan covers some drugs only if you get PA from us.  
Covered drugs that need our plan’s PA are marked in the List of Covered Drugs. •
Program for All ‑Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE): A program that covers Medicare and Medicaid 
benefits together for people age 55 and over who need a higher level of care to live at home.  
 
Prosthetics and Orthotics:  Medical devices ordered by your doctor or other health care provider that 
include, but are not limited to, arm, back, and neck braces; artificial limbs; artificial eyes; and devices 
needed to replace an internal body part or function, including ostomy supplies and enteral and parenteral 
nutrition therapy.  
 
Quality improvement organization (QIO):  A group of doctors and other health care experts who help 
improve the quality of care for people with Medicare. The federal government pays the QIO to check and 
improve the care given to patients. Refer to Chapter 2  of your Evidence of Coverage  for information 
about the QIO.   
 
Quantity limits:  A limit on the amount of a drug you can have. We may limit the amount of the drug that 
we cover per prescription.  
 