If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
128Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
FamilyCare, or both programs usually cover the service or item.  
If your problem is about a service or item that Medicare usually covers, we automatically send your 
case to Level 2 of the appeals process as soon as the Level 1 Appeal is complete.•
If your problem is about a service or item that NJ FamilyCare usually covers, you can file a Level 2 
Appeal yourself. The letter tells you how to do this. We also include more information later in this 
chapter.•
If your problem is about a service or item that both Medicare and  NJ FamilyCare  may cover, you 
automatically get a Level 2 Appeal with the IRO. You can also ask for a Fair Hearing with the state.•
If you qualified for continuation of benefits when you filed your Level 1 Appeal, your benefits for the 
service, item, or drug under appeal may also continue during Level 2. Refer to Section F3  for information 
about continuing your benefits during Level 1 Appeals.  
If your problem is about a service usually covered only by Medicare, your benefits for that service 
don’t continue during the Level 2 appeals process with the IRO.•
If your problem is about a service usually covered only by NJ FamilyCare, your benefits for that 
service continue if you submit a Level 2 Appeal within 10 calendar days after getting our decision 
letter.•
When your problem is about a service or item Medicare usually covers  
 
The IRO reviews your appeal. It’s an independent organization hired by Medicare.  
 
The formal name for the “Independent Review Organization” (IRO) is the “Independent Review 
Entity,”  sometimes called the “IRE.”
 
This organization isn’t connected with us and isn’t a government agency. Medicare chose the 
company to be the IRO, and Medicare oversees their work.•
We send information about your appeal (your “case file”) to this organization. You have the right to a 
free copy of your case file.•
You have a right to give the IRO additional information to support your appeal.•
Reviewers at the IRO take a careful look at all information related to your appeal.•
If you had a fast appeal at Level 1, you also have a fast appeal at Level 2.  
If you had a fast appeal to us at Level 1, you automatically get a fast appeal at Level 2. The IRO must 
give you an answer to your Level 2 Appeal within 72 hours  of getting your appeal.•
If your request is for a medical item or service and the IRO needs to gather more information that 
may benefit you,  it can take up to 14 more calendar days.  The IRO can’t take extra time to make a 
decision if your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.•
If you had a standard appeal at Level 1, you also have a standard appeal at Level 2.  
If you had a standard appeal to us at Level 1, you automatically get a standard appeal at Level 2.•
If your request is for a medical item or service, the IRO must give you an answer to your Level 2 
Appeal within 30 calendar days  of getting your appeal.•