If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
159Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  10 Ending your membership in our plan
E. Other situations when your membership in our plan ends
 
These are cases when we must end your membership in our plan:  
If there is a break in your Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B coverage.•
If you no longer qualify for Medicaid. Our plan is for people who qualify for both Medicare and 
Medicaid.
Our plan will continue to cover your Medicare benefits for a grace period of up to three months 
if you lose Medicaid eligibility. This grace period begins the first day of the month after we 
learn of your loss of eligibility and communicate that to you. If at the end of the three ‑month 
grace period you have not regained Medicaid and you have not enrolled in a different plan, we 
will disenroll you from our plan and you will be enrolled back in Original Medicare.○•
If you move out of our service area.•
If you are away from our service area for more than six months.
If you move or take a long trip, call Member Services to find out if where you’re moving or 
traveling to is in our plan’s service area.○•
If you go to jail or prison for a criminal offense.•
If you lie about or withhold information about other insurance you have for prescription drugs.•
If you are not a United States citizen or are not lawfully present in the United States.
You must be a United States citizen or lawfully present in the United States to be a member of 
our plan.○
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) will notify us if you’re not eligible to 
remain a member on this basis.○
We must disenroll you if you don’t meet this requirement. ○•
If you are within our plan’s three ‑month period of deemed continued eligibility, we will continue to provide 
all Medicare Advantage plan ‑covered Medicare benefits. However, during this period, Medicaid ‑only 
benefits may not be covered by our plan. To find out if a benefit is Medicaid ‑only, and/or to find out if it will 
be covered, you can call Aetna Better Health of New Jersey at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711). All of your 
Medicare services, including Medicare Part D prescription drugs, will continue to be covered at $0 cost 
sharing (no copayments, coinsurance, or deductibles) during the period of deemed continued eligibility.  
 
We can make you leave our plan for the following reasons only if we get permission from Medicare and 
Medicaid first:  
If you intentionally give us incorrect information when you are enrolling in our plan and that 
information affects your eligibility for our plan.•
If you continuously behave in a way that is disruptive and makes it difficult for us to provide medical 
care for you and other members of our plan.•
If you let someone else use your Member ID Card to get medical care. (Medicare may ask the 
Inspector General to investigate your case if we end your membership for this reason.)•
F. Rules against asking you to leave our plan for any health ‑related reason
 
We cannot ask you to leave our plan for any reason related to your health. If you think we’re asking you to 
leave our plan for a health ‑related reason, call Medicare  at 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227). TTY 
users should call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048. You may call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.