If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
92Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
F2. In a long ‑term care facility
 
Usually, a long ‑term care facility, such as a nursing facility, has its own pharmacy or a pharmacy that 
supplies drugs for all of their residents. If you live in a long ‑term care facility, you may get your prescription 
drugs through the facility’s pharmacy if it is part of our network.  
 
Check your Provider and Pharmacy Directory  to find out if your long ‑term care facility’s pharmacy is part 
of our network. If it is not or if you need more information, contact Member Services.
 
F3. In a Medicare ‑certified hospice program
 
Drugs are never covered by both hospice and our plan at the same time.  
You may be enrolled in a Medicare hospice and require a pain, anti ‑nausea, laxative, or anti ‑anxiety 
drug that your hospice does not cover because it is not related to your terminal prognosis and 
conditions. In that case, our plan must get notification from the prescriber or your hospice provider 
that the drug is unrelated before we can cover the drug.•
To prevent delays in getting any unrelated drugs that our plan should cover, you can ask your 
hospice provider or prescriber to make sure we have the notification that the drug is unrelated 
before you ask a pharmacy to fill your prescription.•
If you leave hospice, our plan covers all of your drugs. To prevent any delays at a pharmacy when your 
Medicare hospice benefit ends, take documentation to the pharmacy to verify that you left hospice.  
 
Refer to earlier parts of this chapter that tell about drugs our plan covers. Refer to Chapter 4  of your 
Evidence of Coverage  for more information about the hospice benefit.
 
G. Programs on drug safety and managing drugs
 
G1. Programs to help you use drugs safely
 
Each time you fill a prescription, we look for possible problems, such as drug errors or drugs that:  
may not be needed because you take another drug that does the same thing•
may not be safe for your age or gender•
could harm you if you take them at the same time•
have ingredients that you are or may be allergic to•
have unsafe amounts of opioid pain medications•
If we find a possible problem in your use of prescription drugs, we work with your provider to correct the 
problem.
 
G2. Programs to help you manage your drugs
 
Our plan has a program to help members with complex health needs. In such cases, you may be eligible to 
get services, at no cost to you, through a medication therapy management (MTM) program. This program 