If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
80Chapter 5: Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
Introduction  
 
This chapter explains rules for getting your outpatient prescription drugs. These are drugs that your 
provider orders for you that you get from a pharmacy or by mail ‑order. They include drugs covered under 
Medicare Part D and NJ FamilyCare. Key terms and their definitions appear in alphabetical order in the last 
chapter of your Evidence of Coverage . 
 
We also cover the following drugs, although they are not discussed in this chapter:  
Drugs covered by Medicare Part A.  These generally include drugs given to you while you are in a 
hospital or nursing facility.•
Drugs covered by Medicare Part B.  These include some chemotherapy drugs, some drug 
injections given to you during an office visit with a doctor or other provider, and drugs you are given 
at a dialysis clinic. To learn more about what Medicare Part B drugs are covered, refer to the 
Benefits Chart in Chapter  4 of your Evidence of Coverage .•
In addition to the plan’s Medicare Part D and medical benefits coverage, your drugs may be covered 
by Original Medicare if you are in Medicare hospice. For more information, please refer to  Chapter 5 , 
Section F  “If you are in a Medicare ‑certified hospice program.”•
Rules for our plan's outpatient drug coverage  
 
In addition to the drugs covered by Medicare, some prescription drugs are covered for you under your 
Medicaid benefits. We usually cover your drugs as long as you follow the rules in this section.  
 
You must have a doctor or other provider write your prescription, which must be valid under applicable 
state law. This person often is your primary care provider (PCP). It could also be another provider if your 
PCP has referred you for care.  
 
Your prescriber must not be on Medicare’s Exclusion or Preclusion Lists.  
 
You generally must use a network pharmacy to fill your prescription.  
 
Your prescribed drug must be on our plan’s List of Covered Drugs.  We call it the “Drug List” for short.  
If it is not on the Drug List, we may be able to cover it by giving you an exception.•
Refer to Chapter 9 to learn about asking for an exception. •
Your drug must be used for a medically accepted indication. This means that use of the drug is either 
approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or supported by certain medical references. Your 
doctor may be able to help identify medical references to support the requested use of the prescribed 
drug. A medically accepted indication  is a use of the drug that is either approved by the Food and Drug 
Administration or supported by certain reference books.  
 
 
 
 