If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
33Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
care to get better.  
 
Post ‑stabilization care means the covered services related to an emergency medical condition that are 
provided after your emergency medical condition has been stabilized.  
 
Our plan covers your follow ‑up care. If you get your emergency care from out ‑of‑network providers, we 
will try to get network providers to take over your care as soon as possible.  
 
Getting emergency care if it wasn’t an emergency  
Sometimes it can be hard to know if you have a medical or behavioral health emergency. You may go in 
for emergency care and the doctor says it wasn’t really an emergency. As long as you reasonably thought 
your health was in serious danger, we cover your care.  
 
After the doctor says it wasn’t an emergency, we cover your additional care only if:
You use a network provider or •
The additional care you get is considered “urgently needed care” and you follow the rules for getting 
it. Refer to the next section.•
I2.   Urgently needed care
 
Urgently needed care is care you get for a situation that isn’t an emergency but needs care right away. For 
example, you might have a flare ‑up of an existing condition or a severe sore throat that occurs over the 
weekend and need treatment.  
 
Urgently needed care in our plan’s service area  
In most cases, we cover urgently needed care only if:  
You get this care from a network provider and •
You follow the rules described in this chapter.•
If it is not possible or reasonable to get to a network provider, we cover urgently needed care you get from 
an out ‑of‑network provider.  
 
If you need to locate an urgent care facility, you can find an in ‑network urgent care center near you by 
using the Provider and Pharmacy Directory , going to our website at AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-find-
provider , or getting help from Member Services.  
 
Urgently needed care outside our plan’s service area  
When you’re outside our plan’s service area, you may not be able to get care from a network provider. In 
that case, our plan covers urgently needed care you get from any provider.  
 
Our plan covers worldwide services outside the United States under the following circumstances:  
Emergency care•
Urgently needed care•
Emergency ambulance transportation from the scene of an emergency to the nearest medical •