If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
59Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Inpatient hospital care  (continued)  
outpatient, you should ask the hospital staff.  
 
You can also find more information in a Medicare fact sheet 
called “Are you a Hospital Inpatient or Outpatient? If You Have 
Medicare – Ask!”. This fact sheet is available on the Web at 
www.medicare.gov/sites/default/files/2021-10/11435-
Inpatient-or-Outpatient.pdf  or by calling 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE 
(1‑800 ‑633‑4227). TTY users call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048. You can 
call these numbers for free, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  
 
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
  Inpatient services in a psychiatric hospital   
 
We pay for mental health care services that require a hospital 
stay. We pay for acute inpatient hospitalization in a general 
hospital, regardless of the admitting diagnosis or treatment.  
 
The plan covers the following services:
inpatient services in a psychiatric hospital•
services in a general hospital, psychiatric unit of an 
acute care hospital, Short Term Care Facility (STCF), or 
critical access hospital•
Inpatient Medical Detox (Medically Managed Inpatient 
Withdrawal Management in a hospital setting)•
 
 
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
Kidney disease services and supplies   
 
We pay for the following services:      
Kidney disease education services to teach kidney care 
and help you make good decisions about your care. You 
must have stage IV chronic kidney disease, and your 
doctor must refer you. We cover up to six sessions of 
kidney disease education services.•
Outpatient dialysis treatments, including dialysis 
treatments when temporarily out of the service area, as 
explained in Chapter 3  of your Evidence of Coverage , or • 
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  