If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
139Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
If the IRO says Yes  to part or all of your request:  
We must provide the approved drug coverage within 72 hours  after we get the IRO’s decision. •
We must pay you back for a drug you bought within 30 calendar days after we get the IRO’s 
decision.•
If the IRO says No to your appeal, it means they agree with our decision not to approve your request. 
This is called “upholding the decision” or “turning down your appeal.”•
If the IRO says No to your Level 2 Appeal, you have the right to a Level 3 Appeal if the dollar value of the 
drug coverage you ask for meets a minimum dollar value. If the dollar value of the drug coverage you ask 
for is less than the required minimum, you can’t make another appeal. In that case, the Level 2 Appeal 
decision is final. The IRO sends you a letter that tells you the minimum dollar value needed to continue 
with a Level 3 Appeal.  
 
If the dollar value of your request meets the requirement, you choose if you want to take your appeal 
further.  
There are three additional levels in the appeals process after Level 2.•
If the IRO says No to your Level 2 Appeal and you meet the requirement to continue the appeals 
process, you:
Decide if you want to make a Level 3 Appeal. ○
Refer to the letter the IRO sent you after your Level 2 Appeal for details about how to make a 
Level 3 Appeal.○•
An ALJ or attorney adjudicator handles Level 3 Appeals. Refer to Section J  for information about Level 3, 
4, and 5 Appeals.
 
H. Asking us to cover a longer hospital stay
 
When you’re admitted to a hospital, you have the right to get all hospital services that we cover that are 
necessary to diagnose and treat your illness or injury. For more information about our plan’s hospital 
coverage, refer to Chapter 4  of your  Evidence of Coverage . 
 
During your covered hospital stay, your doctor and the hospital staff work with you to prepare for the day 
when you leave the hospital. They also help arrange for care you may need after you leave.  
The day you leave the hospital is called your “discharge date.”•
Your doctor or the hospital staff will tell you what your discharge date is.•
If you think you’re being asked to leave the hospital too soon or you are concerned about your care after 
you leave the hospital, you can ask for a longer hospital stay. This section tells you how to ask.  
 
H1. Learning about your Medicare rights
 
Within two days after you’re admitted to the hospital, someone at the hospital, such as a nurse or 
caseworker, will give you a written notice called “An Important Message from Medicare about Your 
Rights.” Everyone with Medicare gets a copy of this notice whenever they are admitted to a hospital.  