If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
68Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Outpatient substance use disorder treatment services 
(continued) 
withdrawal management
substance use disorder short term residential•
ambulatory withdrawal management with extended 
on‑site monitoring/ambulatory detoxification•
substance use disorder partial care•
substance use disorder intensive outpatient•
substance use disorder outpatient•
opioid treatment services (methadone and 
non ‑methadone medication assisted treatment)•
Refer to “Opioid treatment program (OTP) 
services” earlier in this chart for details.•
Peer Recovery Support Services (PRSS)•
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
  Outpatient surgery   
 
We pay for outpatient surgery and services at hospital 
outpatient facilities and ambulatory surgical centers.  
 
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
  Partial hospitalization services  
 
Partial hospitalization is a structured program of active 
psychiatric treatment. It is offered as a hospital outpatient 
service or by a community mental health center. It is more 
intense than the care you get in your doctor’s or therapist’s 
office. It can help keep you from having to stay in the hospital.  
 
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
  Personal Care Assistance (PCA)  
 
Covers health related tasks performed by a qualified 
individual in a beneficiary's home, under the supervision of a 
registered professional nurse, as certified by a physician in 
accordance with a beneficiary's written plan of care.  
 
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.