If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
140Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
 
If you don’t get the notice, ask any hospital employee for it. If you need help, call Member Services at the 
numbers at the bottom of the page. You can also call 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 
7 days a week. TTY users should call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048.  
Read the notice  carefully and ask questions if you don’t understand. The notice tells you about your 
rights as a hospital patient, including your rights to:
Get Medicare ‑covered services during and after your hospital stay. You have the right to know 
what these services are, who will pay for them, and where you can get them.○
Be a part of any decisions about the length of your hospital stay. ○
Know where to report any concerns you have about the quality of your hospital care. ○
Appeal if you think you’re being discharged from the hospital too soon. ○•
Sign the notice  to show that you got it and understand your rights.
You or someone acting on your behalf can sign the notice. ○
Signing the notice only  shows that you got the information about your rights. Signing does not 
mean you agree to a discharge date your doctor or the hospital staff may have told you.○•
Keep your copy  of the signed notice so you have the information if you need it. •
If you sign the notice more than two days before the day you leave the hospital, you’ll get another copy 
before you’re discharged. You can look at a copy of the notice in advance if you:  
Call Member Services at the numbers at the bottom of the page•
Call Medicare at 1 ‑800 MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users 
should call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048.•
Visit www.cms.gov/Medicare/Medicare-General-Information/BNI . •
H2. Making a Level 1 Appeal
 
If you want us to cover your inpatient hospital services for a longer time, make an appeal. The Quality 
Improvement Organization (QIO) reviews the Level 1 Appeal to find out if your planned discharge date is 
medically appropriate for you.  
 
The QIO is a group of doctors and other health care professionals paid by the federal government. These 
experts check and help improve the quality for people with Medicare. They are not part of our plan.  
 
In New Jersey, the QIO is Livanta. Call them at 1 ‑866 ‑815‑5440 (TTY: 1 ‑866 ‑868 ‑2289). Contact 
information is also in the notice, “An Important Message from Medicare about Your Rights,” and in 
Chapter  2. 
 
Call the QIO before you leave the hospital and no later than your planned discharge date.  
If you call before you leave,  you can stay in the hospital after your planned discharge date without 
paying for it while you wait for the QIO’s decision about your appeal.•
If you do not call to appeal,  and you decide to stay in the hospital after your planned discharge 
date, you may pay all costs for hospital care you get after your planned discharge date.•
If you miss the deadline  for contacting the QIO about your appeal, appeal to our plan directly 
instead. Refer to Section G4  for information about making an appeal to us.•