If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
123Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
 
F1. Using this section
 
This section explains what you can do in any of the five following situations:  
You think we cover medical care you need but are not getting.  
What you can do:  You can ask us to make a coverage decision. Refer to  Section F2.1. 
We didn’t approve the medical care your doctor or other health care provider wants to give you, and 
you think we should.  
What you can do:  You can appeal our decision. Refer to  Section F3.2. 
You got medical care that you think we cover, but we will not pay.  
What you can do:  You can appeal our decision not to pay. Refer to  Section F5.3. 
You got and paid for medical care you thought we cover, and you want us to pay you back.  
What you can do:  You can ask us to pay you back. Refer to  Section F5 .4. 
We reduced or stopped your coverage for certain medical care, and you think our decision could 
harm your health.  
What you can do:  You can appeal our decision to reduce or stop the medical care. Refer to  Section 
F4.
If the coverage is for hospital care, home health care, skilled nursing facility care, or CORF 
services, special rules apply. Refer to  Section H  or Section I   to find out more.•
For all other situations involving reducing or stopping your coverage for certain medical care, 
use this section ( Section F ) as your guide.•5. 
F2. Asking for a coverage decision
 
When a coverage decision involves your medical care, it's called an  "integrated organization 
determination. "
 
You, your doctor, or your representative can ask us for a coverage decision by:  
Calling: 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711). •
Faxing: 1 ‑833‑322‑0034. •
Writing:  
Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP)  
7400 W Campus Rd.  
New Albany, OH  43054 •
Standard coverage decision  
 
When we give you our decision, we use the “standard” deadlines unless we agree to use the “fast” 
deadlines. A standard coverage decision means we give you an answer about a:  
Medical service or item within 14 calendar days after we get your request.•
Medicare Part B prescription drug within 72 hours after we get your request.•
For a medical item or service, we can take up to 14 more calendar days  if you ask for more time or if we 
need more information that may benefit you (such as medical records from out ‑of‑network providers). If 
we take extra days to make the decision, we will tell you in writing. We can’t take extra days if your 