H6399_001_DS70_EOC24_C
If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) at  
1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
 
Evidence of Coverage  
 
Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP)  
 
January 1, 2024  – December 31, 2024  
 
Your Health and Drug Coverage under Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO 
D‑SNP)  
 
Evidence of Coverage  Introduction  
 
This Evidence of Coverage , otherwise known as the Member Handbook , tells you about your coverage 
under our plan through December 31, 2024. It explains health care services, including behavioral health 
(mental health and substance use disorder treatment) services, prescription drug coverage, and Managed 
Long ‑Term Services and Supports (MLTSS). Key terms and their definitions appear in alphabetical order in 
Chapter 12  of your  Evidence of Coverage . 
 
This is an important legal document. Keep it in a safe place.  
 
When this  Evidence of Coverage  says “we,” “us,” “our,” or “our plan,” it means Aetna Assure Premier Plus 
(HMO D ‑SNP).  
 
This document is available for free in Spanish. Este documento está disponible sin cargo en español.
 
You can get this document for free in other formats, such as large print, braille, and/or audio by calling 
Member Services at the number at the bottom of this page. The call is free.  
Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) wants to make sure you understand your health 
plan information. If a different language or format works better for you, call Member Services at the 
number listed at the bottom of this page to request a change. (This is called a “standing request.”)•
We will continue sending you mailings and other communications in your requested format.•
If you want to change your standing request for a preferred language or format, call Member 
Services.•
We have free interpreter services to answer any questions that you may have about our health or drug 
plan. To get an interpreter just call us at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711). This is a free service.  