If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
5Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Table of Contents
Disclaimers  
See the  Evidence of Coverage  for a complete list of plan benefits, exclusions, limitations and 
conditions of coverage.•
Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) is a Fully Integrated Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan with a 
Medicare contract and a contract with the New Jersey Medicaid Program. Enrollment in Aetna 
Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) depends on contract renewal. See Evidence of Coverage  for a 
complete description of plan benefits, exclusions, limitations, and conditions of coverage.•
Eligibility for the Model Benefit or Reward and Incentive (RI) Programs under the Value ‑Based 
Insurance Design (VBID) Model is not assured and will be determined by Aetna after enrollment, 
based on relevant criteria (e.g., clinical diagnoses, eligibility criteria, participation in a disease state 
management program.•
Enrollees must use in ‑network providers. Enrollees must use in ‑network DME suppliers. Enrollees 
must use an in ‑network pharmacy. Enrollees will be enrolled into Part D coverage under the plan 
and will be automatically disenrolled from any other Medicare Part D or creditable coverage plan in 
which they are currently enrolled. The enrollee will also be enrolled into Medicaid coverage under 
the plan, and will be disenrolled from any other Medicaid plan in which they are currently enrolled. 
Provider referrals are not required under this plan for in ‑network providers.•
Participating health care providers are independent contractors and are neither agents nor 
employees of Aetna. The availability of any particular provider cannot be guaranteed, and provider 
network composition is subject to change.•
Out‑of‑network/non ‑contracted providers are under no obligation to treat plan members, except in 
emergency situations. Please call our customer service number or see your Evidence of Coverage 
for more information.•
The List of Covered Drugs (Formulary), provider, and/or pharmacy network may change at any time. 
You will receive notice when necessary.•
For mail order, you can get prescription drugs shipped to your home through the network mail‑order 
delivery program. Typically, mail‑order drugs arrive within 10 days. You can call 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 
(TTY: 711) 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week if you do not receive your mail‑order drugs within this 
timeframe. Members may have the option to sign up for automated mail‑order delivery.•
Aetna, CVS Pharmacy® and MinuteClinic, LLC (which either operates or provides certain 
management support services to MinuteClinic ‑branded walk ‑in clinics) are part of the CVS Health® 
family of companies.•
SilverSneakers is a registered trademark of Tivity Health, Inc. © 2023 Tivity Health, Inc. All rights 
reserved.•
Coverage under Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) is qualifying health coverage called 
“minimum essential coverage.” It satisfies the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s (ACA) 
individual shared responsibility requirement. Visit the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) website at 
www.irs.gov/Affordable-Care-Act/Individuals-and-Families  for more information on the individual 
shared responsibility requirement.•