If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
126Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
doctor decide if you need a fast appeal.
We automatically give you a fast appeal if your doctor tells us your health requires it.  If you ask 
without your doctor’s support, we decide if you get a fast appeal.  
If we decide that your health doesn’t meet the requirements for a fast appeal, we send you a letter 
that says so and we use the standard deadlines instead. The letter tells you:
We automatically give you a fast appeal if your doctor asks for it. ○
How you can file a “fast complaint” about our decision to give you a standard appeal instead of 
a fast appeal. For more information about making a complaint, including a fast complaint, refer 
to Section K.○•
If we tell you we are stopping or reducing services or items that you already get, you may be able to 
continue those services or items during your appeal.  
If we decide to change or stop coverage for a service or item that you get, we send you a notice 
before we take action.•
If you disagree with our decision, you can file a Level 1 Appeal.•
We continue covering the service or item if you ask for a Level 1 Appeal within 10 calendar days of 
the date on our letter or by the intended effective date of the action, whichever is later.
If you meet this deadline, you will get the service or item with no changes while your Level 1 
appeal is pending.○
You will also get all other services or items (that are not the subject of your appeal) with no 
changes.○
If you do not appeal before these dates, then your service or item will not be continued while 
you wait for your appeal decision.○•
We consider your appeal and give you our answer.  
When we review your appeal, we take another careful look at all information about your request for 
coverage of medical care.•
We check if we followed all the rules when we said No to your request. •
We gather more information if we need it. We may contact you or your doctor to get more 
information.•
There are deadlines for a fast appeal.  
When we use the fast deadlines, we must give you our answer within 72 hours after we get your 
appeal.  We will give you our answer sooner if your health requires it.•
If you ask for more time or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can take up to 14 
more calendar days  if your request is for a medical item or service.
If we need extra days to make the decision, we tell you in writing. ○
If your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug, we can’t take extra time to make the 
decision.○
If we don’t give you an answer within 72 hours or by the end of the extra days we took, we 
must send your request to Level 2 of the appeals process. An IRO then reviews it. Later in this 
chapter, we tell you about this organization and explain the Level 2 appeals process. If your ○•