If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
127Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
problem is about coverage of a Medicaid service or item, you can file a Level 2 appeal with the 
state yourself as soon as the time is up. In New Jersey, you have two options for Level 2 
appeals. The first is called an IURO appeal. The IURO is the state’s Independent Utilization 
Review Organization. The other option is called a Fair Hearing. Section  F4 includes a detailed 
explanation of these two options starting on page 127.
If we say Yes to part or all of your request,  we must authorize or provide the coverage we agreed 
to provide within 72 hours after we get your appeal.•
If we say No to part or all of your request,  we send your appeal to the IRO for a Level 2 Appeal. •
There are deadlines for a standard appeal.  
When we use the standard deadlines, we must give you our answer within 30 calendar days  after 
we get your appeal for coverage for services you didn’t get.•
If your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug you didn’t get, we give you our answer 
within 7 calendar days  after we get your appeal or sooner if your health requires it.•
If you ask for more time or if we need more information that may benefit you, we can take up to 14 
more calendar days  if your request is for a medical item or service.
If we need extra days to make the decision, we tell you in writing. ○
If your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug, we can’t take extra time to make the 
decision.○
If you think we should not take extra days, you can file a fast complaint about our decision. 
When you file a fast complaint, we give you an answer within 24 hours. For more information 
about making complaints, including fast complaints, refer to Section K.○
If we don’t give you an answer by the deadline or by the end of the extra days we took, we 
must send your request to Level 2 of the appeals process. An IRO then reviews it. Later in this 
chapter, we tell you about this organization and explain the Level 2 appeals process. If your 
problem is about coverage of a Medicaid service or item, you can file a Level 2 appeal with the 
state yourself as soon as the time is up. In New Jersey, you have two options for Level 2 
appeals. The first is called an IURO appeal. The IURO is the state’s Independent Utilization 
Review Organization. The other option is called a Fair Hearing. Section  F4 includes a detailed 
explanation of these two options staring on page 127.○•
If we say Yes to part or all of your request,  we must authorize or provide the coverage we agreed to 
provide within 30 calendar days, or within 7 calendar days  if your request is for a Medicare Part B 
prescription drug, after we get your appeal.  
 
If we say No to part or all of your request, you have additional appeal rights:  
If we say No to part or all of what you asked for, we send you a letter. •
If your problem is about coverage of a Medicare service or item, the letter tells you that we sent your 
case to the IRO for a Level 2 Appeal.•
If your problem is about coverage of a NJ FamilyCare service or item, the letter tells you how to file a 
Level 2 Appeal yourself.•
 
F4. Making a Level 2 Appeal
 
If we say No to part or all of your Level 1 Appeal, we send you a letter. This letter tells you if Medicare, NJ 