If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
41Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Medicaid‑only benefits may not be covered by our plan. To find out if a benefit is Medicaid‑only, 
and/or to find out if it will be covered, you can call Member Services at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711). 
All of your Medicare services, including Medicare Part D prescription drugs, will continue to be 
covered at $0 cost sharing (no copayments, coinsurance, or deductibles) during the period of 
deemed continued eligibility.
We cover some services listed in the Benefits Chart only if your doctor or other network provider 
gets our approval first. This is called prior authorization (PA). We mark covered services in the 
Benefits Chart that need PA with bold type.•
Important Benefit Information for all Members Participating in Wellness and Health Care Planning (WHP) 
Services.  
Because Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) participates in a special assistance program (LIS 
VBID) that offers benefits to help support your health care needs, you will be eligible for the following 
WHP services, including advance care planning (ACP) services:
If you are unable to make decisions for yourself in the future about your health care, medical 
professionals can make sure your wishes are followed. ACP means having conversations and 
making decisions about the care you would like in the future.○
We will assist you with the necessary forms that you need to give someone the legal authority 
to make medical decisions for you if you ever become unable to make them for yourself.○•
You may get ACP assistance by contacting your care team at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711). •
WHP and ACP are voluntary and you are free to decline these services.•
All preventive services are free. You will find this apple 
  next to preventive services in the Benefits 
Chart.•
D. Our plan’s Benefits Chart
 
 You will find this apple next to the preventive services in the Benefits chart.  
 
Services that our plan pays for  
Abdominal aortic aneurysm screening  
 
We pay for a one ‑time ultrasound screening for people at risk. 
The plan only covers this screening if you have certain risk 
factors and if you get a referral for it from your physician, 
physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse 
specialist.
Acupuncture  
 
We pay for acupuncture visits if you have chronic low back 
pain, defined as:   
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  