If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
90Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
 
D3. Asking for an exception
 
If a drug you take will be taken off our Drug List or limited in some way next year, we allow you to ask for 
an exception before next year.  
We tell you about any change in the coverage for your drug for next year. Ask us to make an 
exception and cover the drug for next year the way you would like.•
We answer your request for an exception within 72 hours after we get your request (or your 
prescriber’s supporting statement).•
To learn more about asking for an exception, refer to Chapter 9  of your Evidence of Coverage . 
 
If you need help asking for an exception, contact Member Services.
 
E. Coverage changes for your drugs
 
Most changes in drug coverage happen on January 1, but we may add or remove drugs on our Drug List 
during the year. We may also change our rules about drugs. For example, we may:  
Decide to require or not require prior approval (PA) for a drug (permission from us before you can 
get a drug).•
Add or change the amount of a drug you can get (quantity limits).•
Add or change step therapy restrictions on a drug (you must try one drug before we cover another 
drug).•
For more information on these drug rules, refer to Section C.  
 
If you take a drug that we covered at the beginning  of the year, we generally will not remove or change 
coverage of that drug during the rest of the year  unless:  
a new, cheaper drug comes on the market that works as well as a drug on our Drug List now, or •
we learn that a drug is not safe, or •
a drug is removed from the market.•
To get more information on what happens when our Drug List changes, you can always:  
Check our current Drug List online at AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP-drug-formulary  or •
Call Member Services at the number at the bottom of the page to check our current Drug List.•
Some changes to our Drug List happen immediately . For example:  
A new generic drug becomes available.  Sometimes, a new generic drug comes on the market that 
works as well as a brand name drug on our Drug List now. When that happens, we may remove the 
brand name drug and add the new generic drug.  
When we add the new generic drug, we may also decide to keep the brand name drug on the list but •