If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
89Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
2. You must be in one of these situations:  
You were in our plan last year.
We cover a temporary supply of your drug during the first 90 days of the calendar year. ○
This temporary supply is for up to 30 days. ○
If your prescription is written for fewer days, we allow multiple refills to provide up to a 
maximum of 30 days of medication. You must fill the prescription at a network pharmacy.○
Long ‑term care pharmacies may provide your prescription drug in small amounts at a time to 
prevent waste.○•
You are new to our plan.
We cover a temporary supply of your drug during the first  90 days of your membership in 
our plan.○
This temporary supply is for up to 30 days. ○
If your prescription is written for fewer days, we allow multiple refills to provide up to a 
maximum of 30 days of medication. You must fill the prescription at a network pharmacy.○
Long ‑term care pharmacies may provide your prescription drug in small amounts at a time to 
prevent waste.○•
You have been in our plan for more than 90 days, live in a long ‑term care facility, and need a supply 
right away.
We cover one 31 ‑day supply, or less if your prescription is written for fewer days. This is in 
addition to the temporary supply above.○
If you experience a change in your setting of care (such as being discharged or admitted to a 
long ‑term care facility), your physician or pharmacy can request a one ‑time prescription 
override. This one ‑time override will provide you with a temporary supply (at least a 30 ‑day 
supply) for applicable drug(s).○•
D2. Asking for a temporary supply
 
To ask for a temporary supply of a drug, call Member Services.  
 
When you get a temporary supply of a drug, talk with your provider as soon as possible to decide what to 
do when your supply runs out. Here are your choices:  
Change to another drug.  
 
Our plan may cover a different drug that works for you. Call Member Services to ask for a list of 
drugs we cover that treat the same medical condition. The list can help your provider find a covered 
drug that may work for you.  
 
OR 
 •
Ask for an exception.  
 
You and your provider can ask us to make an exception. For example, you can ask us to cover a drug 
that is not on our Drug List or ask us to cover the drug without limits. If your provider says you have a 
good medical reason for an exception, they can help you ask for one.•
 
 