If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
30Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
provider. Prior authorization should be obtained from the plan prior to seeking care. Your PCP or 
other network provider will contact us to obtain authorization for you to see an out ‑of‑network 
provider.
Kidney dialysis services that you get at a Medicare ‑certified dialysis facility when you are 
temporarily outside the plan’s service area.•
You may receive Family Planning services through out ‑of‑network providers. In these cases, the 
services will be covered directly through Medicaid fee ‑for‑service.•
If you use an out ‑of‑network provider, the provider must be eligible to participate in Medicare and/or NJ 
FamilyCare.  
We cannot pay a provider who is not eligible to participate in Medicare and/or NJ FamilyCare.•
If you use a provider who is not eligible to participate in Medicare, you must pay the full cost of the 
services you get.•
Providers must tell you if they are not eligible to participate in Medicare.•
E. Managed Long ‑term services and supports (MLTSS)
 
The MLTSS program provides home‑ and community‑based services for members that require the level of 
care typically provided in a nursing facility and allows them to receive necessary care in a residential or 
community setting.  
 
MLTSS services include (but are not limited to): assisted living services; cognitive, speech, occupational, 
and physical therapy; chore services; home‑delivered meals; residential modifications (such as the 
installation of ramps or grab bars); vehicle modifications; social adult day care; and non‑medical 
transportation. MLTSS is available to members who meet certain clinical and financial requirements. If you 
would like more information, or to ask for an assessment to determine your eligibility for MLTSS, call your 
Care Manager at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
 
F. Behavioral health (mental health and substance use disorder treatment) 
services
 
Your plan covers a number of behavioral health benefits for you. Behavioral health includes both mental 
health services and substance use disorder treatment services. You will find details in the Benefits Chart in  
Chapter 4 . 
 
When requesting prior authorization or making arrangements to receive behavioral health services 
members and providers should call Member Services at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711).
 
 
 
 
 
 