If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
31Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
G. How to get self ‑directed care through the Personal Preference Program 
(PPP)
 
G1.   What self ‑directed care is
 
The New Jersey Personal Preference Program (PPP) offers a way for NJ FamilyCare members who qualify 
for Personal Care Assistant (PCA) services to direct and manage the PCA services.
 
G2.   Who can get self ‑directed care
 
PCA services are non ‑emergency, health related tasks through NJ FamilyCare. Tasks include help with 
activities of daily living (ADLs) and with household duties essential to the patient’s health and comfort, 
such as bathing, dressing, meal preparation, and light housekeeping.
 
G3.   How to get help in employing personal care providers
 
You get to choose who you hire to provide PCA services. You can hire a relative, friend or neighbor. Ask 
your Care Manager for help with this process. If you need help choosing services, or your PCA, you can 
choose someone you trust to decide for you.  
 
You also will work with a financial counselor to make a plan to manage payment to your PCA.  
 
To take part in PPP, you need to be:  
 
Approved for Personal Care Assistant Services (PCA), and need PCA services for at least six months.1. 
Able to direct and manage your services or choose someone to decide for you  
 2. 
If you would like to request a PCA assessment for enrollment into PPP, please contact your Care Manager 
at 1‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711)8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week.
 
H. Transportation services
 
Non ‑emergency transportation, including mobile assistance vehicles (MAVs); non ‑emergency basic 
life support (BLS) ambulance (stretcher); and delivery transportation services (such as bus and train 
fare or passes, or car service and reimbursement for mileage). These services are paid for directly 
by Medicaid (also known as Medicaid Fee ‑for‑Service).•
Our plan provides some additional coverage for non ‑emergency transportation through the "Extra 
Benefits card" benefit, as described in the Benefits Chart.•
 
 
 
 
 