If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
166Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  12 Definitions of important words
Hospice:  A program of care and support to help people who have a terminal prognosis live comfortably. 
A terminal prognosis means that a person has been medically certified as terminally ill, meaning having a 
life expectancy of 6 months or less.  
An enrollee who has a terminal prognosis has the right to elect hospice.•
A specially trained team of professionals and caregivers provide care for the whole person, 
including physical, emotional, social, and spiritual needs.•
We are required to give you a list of hospice providers in your geographic area.•
Improper/inappropriate billing:  A situation when a provider (such as a doctor or hospital) bills you for 
services. Call Member Services if you get any bills you don’t understand.  
 
Because we pay the entire cost for your services, you do not owe any cost sharing. Providers should not 
bill you anything for these services.  
 
Independent review organization (IRO):  An independent organization hired by Medicare that reviews a 
level 2 appeal. It is not connected with us and is not a government agency. This organization decides 
whether the decision we made is correct or if it should be changed. Medicare oversees its work. The 
formal name is the Independent Review Entity.  
 
Individualized Care Plan (ICP or Care Plan):  A plan for what services you will get and how you will get 
them. Your plan may include medical services, behavioral health services, and long ‑term services and 
supports.  
 
Inpatient:  A term used when you are formally admitted to the hospital for skilled medical services. If 
you’re not formally admitted, you may still be considered an outpatient instead of an inpatient even if you 
stay overnight.  
 
Interdisciplinary Care Team (ICT or Care team): A care team may include doctors, nurses, counselors, 
or other health professionals who are there to help you get the care you need. Your care team also helps 
you make a care plan.  
 
List of Covered Drugs  (Drug List):  A list of prescription and over ‑the‑counter (OTC) drugs we cover. We 
choose the drugs on this list with the help of doctors and pharmacists. The Drug List tells you if there are 
any rules you need to follow to get your drugs. The Drug List is sometimes called a “formulary.”  
 
Low Income Subsidy (LIS):  Refer to “Extra Help.”  
 
Managed Long ‑term services and supports (MLTSS):  Managed Long ‑term services and supports help 
improve a long ‑term medical condition. Most of these services help you stay in your home so you don’t 
have to go to a nursing facility or hospital. MLTSS includes Community ‑based Services and Nursing 
Facilities (NF).  
 