If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
73Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Sexually transmitted infections (STIs) screening and 
counseling (continued) 
minutes long. We pay for these counseling sessions as a 
preventive service only if given by a primary care provider. 
The sessions must be in a primary care setting, such as a 
doctor’s office.
  Skilled nursing facility (SNF) care   
 
We pay for the following services, and maybe other services 
not listed here:   
a semi ‑private room, or a private room if it is medically 
necessary•
meals, including special diets •
nursing services •
physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech 
therapy•
drugs you get as part of your plan of care, including 
substances that are naturally in the body, such as 
blood ‑clotting factors  •
blood, including storage and administration •
medical and surgical supplies given by nursing facilities •
lab tests given by nursing facilities •
X‑rays and other radiology services given by nursing 
facilities•
appliances, such as wheelchairs, usually given by 
nursing facilities•
physician/provider services•
long ‑term (custodial) care in a nursing facility •
You usually get your care from network facilities. However, 
you may be able to get your care from a facility not in our 
network. You can get care from the following places if they 
accept our plan’s amounts for payment:  
a nursing facility or continuing care retirement 
community where you lived before you went to the 
hospital (as long as it provides nursing facility care)•
a nursing facility where your spouse or domestic 
partner lives at the time you leave the hospital•
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
Smoking and tobacco use cessation   
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  