If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
138Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
If we don’t give you a decision within 14 calendar days, we must send your request to Level 2 
of the appeals process. Then an IRO reviews it. Refer to Section G6  for information about the 
review organization and the Level 2 appeals process.○
If we say Yes  to part or all of your request, we must pay you within 30 calendar days after we get 
your request.•
If we say No to part or all of your request, we send you a letter that explains the reasons and tells you 
how you can make an appeal.•
G6. Making a Level 2 Appeal
 
If we say No to your Level 1 Appeal, you can accept our decision or make another appeal. If you decide to 
make another appeal, you use the Level 2 Appeal appeals process. The IRO  reviews our decision when we 
said No to your first appeal. This organization decides if we should change our decision.  
 
The formal name for the “Independent Review Organization” (IRO) is the “Independent Review 
Entity,”  sometimes called the “IRE.”
 
To make a Level 2 Appeal, you, your representative, or your doctor or other prescriber must contact the 
IRO in writing  and ask for a review of your case.  
If we say No to your Level 1 Appeal, the letter we send you includes instructions about how to make 
a Level 2 Appeal  with the IRO.  The instructions tell who can make the Level 2 Appeal, what 
deadlines you must follow, and how to reach the organization.•
When you make an appeal to the IRO, we send the information we have about your appeal to the 
organization. This information is called your “case file.” You have the right to a free copy of your 
case file.•
You have a right to give the IRO additional information to support your appeal.•
The IRO reviews your Medicare Part D Level 2 Appeal and gives you an answer in writing. Refer to 
Section F4  for more information about the IRO.  
 
Deadlines for a fast appeal at Level 2  
 
If your health requires it, ask the IRO for a fast appeal.  
If they agree to a fast appeal, they must give you an answer within 72 hours  after getting your 
appeal request.•
If they say Yes  to part or all of your request, we must provide the approved drug coverage within 24 
hours  after getting the IRO’s decision.•
Deadlines for a standard appeal at Level 2  
 
If you have a standard appeal at Level 2, the IRO must give you an answer:  
within 7 calendar days  after they get your appeal for a drug you didn’t get. •
within 14 calendar days  after getting your appeal for repayment for a drug you bought. •