If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
148Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
accompanying documents. We may wait for the Level 4 Appeal decision before authorizing or 
providing the service in dispute.
If we decide not to appeal  the decision, we must authorize or provide you with the service within 60 
calendar days after getting the ALJ or attorney adjudicator’s decision.
If the ALJ or attorney adjudicator says No to your appeal, the appeals process may not be 
over.○•
If you decide to accept  this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over. •
If you decide not to accept  this decision that turns down your appeal, you can continue to the next 
level of the review process. The notice you get will tell you what to do for a Level 4 Appeal.•
Level 4 Appeal  
 
The Medicare Appeals Council (Council) reviews your appeal and gives you an answer. The Council is part 
of the federal government.  
 
If the Council says Yes  to your Level 4 Appeal or denies our request to review a Level 3 Appeal decision 
favorable to you, we have the right to appeal to Level 5.  
If we decide to appeal  the decision, we will tell you in writing. •
If we decide not to appeal  the decision, we must authorize or provide you with the service within 60 
calendar days after getting the Council’s decision.•
If the Council says No or denies our review request, the appeals process may not be over.  
If you decide to accept  this decision that turns down your appeal, the appeals process is over. •
If you decide not to accept  this decision that turns down your appeal, you may be able to continue 
to the next level of the review process. The notice you get will tell you if you can go on to a Level 5 
Appeal and what to do.•
Level 5 Appeal  
A Federal District Court judge will review your appeal and all of the information and decide Yes  or 
No. This is the final decision. There are no other appeal levels beyond the Federal District Court.•
J2. Additional NJ FamilyCare appeals
 
You may also have other appeal rights if your appeal is about services or items that NJ FamilyCare usually 
covers. The letter you get from the Fair Hearing office will tell you what to do if you want to continue the 
appeals process.
 
J3. Appeal Levels 3, 4 and 5 for Medicare Part D Drug Requests
 
This section may be appropriate for you if you made a Level 1 Appeal and a Level 2 Appeal, and both of 
your appeals have been turned down.  
 
If the value of the drug you appealed meets a certain dollar amount, you may be able to go on to additional 
levels of appeal. The written response you get to your Level 2 Appeal explains who to contact and what to 
do to ask for a Level 3 Appeal.  