If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
19Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  2 Important phone numbers and resources
WEBSITE www.medicare.gov  
This is the official website for Medicare. It gives you up ‑to‑date information about 
Medicare. It also has information about hospitals, nursing facilities, doctors, home 
health agencies, dialysis facilities, inpatient rehabilitation facilities, and hospices.  
It includes helpful websites and phone numbers. It also has documents you can print 
right from your computer.  
If you don’t have a computer, your local library or senior center may be able to help 
you visit this website using their computer. Or, you can call Medicare at the number 
above and tell them what you are looking for. They will find the information on the 
website and review the information with you.
 
 
 
F. NJ FamilyCare (Medicaid)
 
NJ FamilyCare helps with medical and long ‑term services and supports costs for people limited incomes 
and resources.  
 
You are enrolled in Medicare and in Medicaid. If you have questions about the help you get from Medicaid, 
call the NJ Department of Human Services, Division of Medical Assistance & Health Services.  
 
Because you are eligible for and enrolled in both Medicare and Medicaid, your coverage through our plan 
includes coverage for all of the benefits you are entitled to under Medicaid managed care (NJ 
FamilyCare). As a result, Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) covers all of your Medicaid benefits 
such as hearing aids, routine vision exams, and comprehensive dental services. Additionally, Medicaid 
pays your Part B premium for you.  
 
CALL NJ Department of Human Services, Division of Medical Assistance & Health Services  
1‑800 ‑701‑0710  
Monday and Thursday 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday 8:00 AM to 
5:00 PM
TTY 711
WRITE NJ Department of Human Services, Division of Medical Assistance and Health 
Services, PO Box 712, Trenton, NJ 08625 ‑0712
WEBSITE state.nj.us/humanservices/dmahs/
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 