If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
143Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
We pay you back for the costs of care you got since the date when we said your coverage would 
end.•
If we say No to your fast appeal:  
We agree that your planned discharge date was medically appropriate.•
Our coverage for your inpatient hospital services ends on the date we told you.•
We will not pay any of the costs after this date.•
You may have to pay the full cost of hospital care you got after the planned discharge date if you 
continued to stay in the hospital.•
We send your appeal to the IRO to make sure we followed all the rules. When we do this, your case 
automatically goes to the Level 2 appeals process.•
H5. Making a Level 2 Alternate Appeal
 
We send the information for your Level 2 Appeal to the IRO within 24 hours of saying No to your Level 1 
Appeal. We do this automatically. You don’t need to do anything.  
 
If you think we didn’t meet this deadline, or any other deadline, you can make a complaint. Refer to 
Section K  for information about making complaints.  
 
The IRO does a fast review of your appeal. They take a careful look at all of the information about your 
hospital discharge and usually give you an answer within 72 hours.  
 
If the IRO says Yes  to your appeal:  
We pay you back for the costs of care you got since the date when we said your coverage would 
end. •
We will provide your covered inpatient hospital services for as long as the services are medically 
necessary.•
If the IRO says No to your appeal:   
They agree that your planned hospital discharge date was medically appropriate. •
They give you a letter that tells you what you can do if you want to continue the appeals process and 
make a Level 3 Appeal.•
An ALJ or attorney adjudicator handles Level 3 Appeals. Refer to  Section J  for information about Level 3, 
4, and 5 Appeals.
I. Asking us to continue covering certain medical services
 
This section is only about three types of services you may be getting:  
home health care services•
skilled nursing care in a skilled nursing facility, and •