If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
63Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Medicare Part B prescription drugs (continued)  
osteoporosis drugs that are injected. We pay for these 
drugs if you are homebound, have a bone fracture that 
a doctor certifies was related to post ‑menopausal 
osteoporosis, and cannot inject the drug yourself•
antigens•
certain oral anti ‑cancer drugs and anti ‑nausea drugs •
certain drugs for home dialysis, including heparin, the 
antidote for heparin (when medically necessary), topical 
anesthetics, and erythropoiesis ‑stimulating agents 
(such as Epogen ®,  Procrit ®,  Epoetin Alfa, Aranesp ®, or 
Darbepoetin Alfa)•
IV immune globulin for the home treatment of primary 
immune deficiency diseases•
The following link takes you to a list of Part B drugs that may 
be subject to step therapy: AetnaBetterHealth.com/new-
jersey-hmosnp/providers/prior-authorization.html
 
We also cover some vaccines under our Medicare Part B and 
Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit.  
 
Chapter 5  of your Evidence of Coverage  explains our 
outpatient prescription drug benefit. It explains rules you must 
follow to have prescriptions covered.  
 
Chapter 6  of your Evidence of Coverage  gives more 
information about the Explanation of Benefits (EOB)  and how it 
helps you track your drug coverage.  
 
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
Nursing facility care  
 
A nursing facility (NF) is a place that provides care for people 
who cannot get care at home but who do not need to be in a 
hospital.  
 
Services that we pay for include, but are not limited to, the 
following:  
semiprivate room (or a private room if medically 
necessary)• 
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  