If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
135Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
faxing us. You, your representative, or your doctor (or other prescriber) can do this. Please include 
your name, contact information, and information about the claim.
You or your doctor (or other prescriber) or someone else acting on your behalf can ask for a 
coverage decision. You can also have a lawyer act on your behalf.•
Refer to Section E3  to find out how to name someone as your representative. •
You don’t need to give written permission to your doctor or other prescriber to ask for a coverage 
decision on your behalf.•
If you want to ask us to pay you back for a drug, refer to Chapter 7 of your  Evidence of Coverage . •
If you ask for an exception, give us a “supporting statement.” The supporting statement includes 
your doctor or other prescriber’s medical reasons for the exception request.•
Your doctor or other prescriber can fax or mail us the supporting statement. They can also tell us by 
phone and then fax or mail the statement.•
If your health requires it, ask us for a “fast coverage decision.”  
 
We use the “standard deadlines” unless we agree to use the “fast deadlines.”  
A standard coverage decision  means we give you an answer within 72 hours after we get your 
doctor’s statement•
A fast coverage decision  means we give you an answer within 24 hours after we get your doctor’s 
statement.•
A “fast coverage decision”  is called an “expedited coverage determination.”
 
You can get a fast coverage decision if:  
It’s for a drug you didn’t get. You can’t get a fast coverage decision if you are asking us to pay you 
back for a drug you already bought. •
Your health or ability to function would be seriously harmed if we use the standard deadlines.•
If your doctor or other prescriber tells us that your health requires a fast coverage decision, we agree and 
give it to you. We send you a letter that tells you.  
If you ask for a fast coverage decision without support from your doctor or other prescriber, we 
decide if you get a fast coverage decision. •
If we decide that your medical condition doesn’t meet the requirements for a fast coverage decision, 
we use the standard deadlines instead. 
We send you a letter that tells you. The letter also tells you how to make a complaint about our 
decision. ○
You can file a fast complaint and get a response within 24 hours. For more information making 
complaints, including fast complaints, refer to  Section K.○•
Deadlines for a fast coverage decision  
If we use the fast deadlines, we must give you our answer within 24 hours after we get your request. 
If you ask for an exception, we give you our answer within 24 hours after we get your doctor’s 
supporting statement. We give you our answer sooner if your health requires it. •