If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
168Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  12 Definitions of important words
Medicare Part D:  The Medicare prescription drug benefit program. We call this program “Part D” for 
short. Medicare Part D covers outpatient prescription drugs, vaccines, and some supplies not covered by 
Medicare Part A or Part B or Medicaid. Our plan includes Medicare Part D.  
 
Medicare Part D drugs: Drugs covered under Medicare Part D. Congress specifically excludes certain 
categories of drugs from coverage under Medicare Part D. Medicaid may cover some of these drugs.  
 
Medication Therapy Management (MTM): A distinct service or group of services provided by health 
care providers, including pharmacists, to ensure the best therapeutic outcomes for patients. Refer to 
Chapter 5  of your Evidence of Coverage  for more information.  
 
Member (member of our plan, or plan member):  A person with Medicare and Medicaid who qualifies to 
get covered services, who has enrolled in our plan, and whose enrollment has been confirmed by the 
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and the state.  
 
Member Services:  A department in our plan responsible for answering your questions about 
membership, benefits, grievances, and appeals. Refer to Chapter 2  of your Evidence of Coverage  for 
more information about Member Services.  
 
Network pharmacy:  A pharmacy (drug store) that agreed to fill prescriptions for our plan members. We 
call them “network pharmacies” because they agreed to work with our plan. In most cases, we cover 
your prescriptions only when filled at one of our network pharmacies.  
 
Network provider:  “Provider” is the general term we use for doctors, nurses, and other people who give 
you services and care. The term also includes hospitals, home health agencies, clinics, and other places 
that give you health care services, medical equipment, and long ‑term services and supports.  
They are licensed or certified by Medicare and by the state to provide health care services.•
We call them “network providers” when they agree to work with our health plan, accept our 
payment, and do not charge members an extra amount.•
While you’re a member of our plan, you must use network providers to get covered services. 
Network providers are also called “plan providers.”•
NJ FamilyCare:  This is the name of New Jersey Medicaid program. NJ FamilyCare is run by the state and 
is paid for by the state and the federal government. It helps people with limited incomes and resources 
pay for long ‑term services and supports and medical costs.  
 
Nursing home or facility: A place that provides care for people who can’t get their care at home but 
don’t need to be in the hospital.  
 