If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
167Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  12 Definitions of important words
Medicaid (or Medical Assistance):  A program run by the federal government and the state that helps 
people with limited incomes and resources pay for long ‑term services and supports and medical costs.
It covers extra services and some drugs not covered by Medicare.•
Medicaid programs vary from state to state, but most health care costs are covered if you qualify 
for both Medicare and Medicaid.•
Medically necessary:  This describes services, supplies, or drugs you need to prevent, diagnose, or treat 
a medical condition or to maintain your current health status. This includes care that keeps you from 
going into a hospital or nursing facility. It also means the services, supplies, or drugs meet accepted 
standards of medical practice.  
 
Medicare:  The federal health insurance program for people 65 years of age or older, some people under 
age 65 with certain disabilities, and people with end ‑stage renal disease (generally those with permanent 
kidney failure who need dialysis or a kidney transplant). People with Medicare can get their Medicare 
health coverage through Original Medicare or a managed care plan (refer to “Health plan”).  
 
Medicare Advantage:  A Medicare program, also known as “Medicare Part C” or “MA,” that offers MA 
plans through private companies. Medicare pays these companies to cover your Medicare benefits.  
 
Medicare Appeals Council (Council):  A council that reviews a level 4 appeal. The Council is part of the 
Federal government.  
 
Medicare ‑covered services:  Services covered by Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B. All Medicare 
health plans, including our plan, must cover all of the services covered by Medicare Part A and Medicare 
Part B.  
 
Medicare diabetes prevention program (MDPP):  A structured health behavior change program that 
provides training in long ‑term dietary change, increased physical activity, and strategies for overcoming 
challenges to sustaining weight loss and a healthy lifestyle.  
 
Medicare ‑Medicaid enrollee:  A person who qualifies for Medicare and Medicaid coverage. A Medicare ‑ 
Medicaid enrollee is also called a “dually eligible individual.”  
 
Medicare Part A: The Medicare program that covers most medically necessary hospital, skilled nursing 
facility, home health, and hospice care.  
 
Medicare Part B: The Medicare program that covers services (such as lab tests, surgeries, and doctor 
visits) and supplies (such as wheelchairs and walkers) that are medically necessary to treat a disease or 
condition. Medicare Part B also covers many preventive and screening services.  
 
Medicare Part C: The Medicare program, also known as “Medicare Advantage” or “MA,” that lets private 
health insurance companies provide Medicare benefits through an MA Plan.  
 