If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
85Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
Pharmacy Directory  tells you which pharmacies can give you a long ‑term supply of maintenance drugs. 
You can also call Member Services for more information.  
 
You can use our plan’s network mail ‑order services to get a long ‑term supply of maintenance drugs. Refer 
to Section A6  to learn about mail ‑order services.
 
A8. Using a pharmacy not in our plan’s network
 
Generally, we pay for drugs filled at an out ‑of‑network pharmacy only when you aren’t able to use a 
network pharmacy. We have network pharmacies outside of our service area where you can get your 
prescriptions filled as a member of our plan.  
 
We pay for prescriptions filled at an out ‑of‑network pharmacy in the following cases:  
The prescription is for a medical emergency or urgent care.•
You are unable to get a covered drug in a time of need because there are no 24 ‑hour network 
pharmacies within a reasonable driving distance.•
The prescription is for a drug that is out of stock at an accessible network retail or mail service 
pharmacy (including high ‑cost and unique drugs).•
If you are evacuated or otherwise displaced from your home because of a Federal disaster or other 
public health emergency declaration.•
A vaccine or drug administered in your doctor’s office.•
If you do need to go to an out ‑of‑network pharmacy for any of the reasons listed above, the plan will cover 
up to a 10 ‑day supply of drugs.  
 
In these cases, check with Member Services first to find out if there’s a network pharmacy nearby.
 
A9. Paying you back for a prescription
 
If you must use an out ‑of‑network pharmacy, you must generally pay the full cost when you get your 
prescription. You can ask us to pay you back.  
 
To learn more about this, refer to Chapter 7  of your  Evidence of Coverage .
 
B. Our plan’s Drug List
 
We have a List of Covered Drugs . We call it the “Drug List” for short.  
 
We select the drugs on the Drug List with the help of a team of doctors and pharmacists. The Drug List 
also tells you the rules you need to follow to get your drugs.  
 
We generally cover a drug on our plan’s Drug List when you follow the rules we explain in this chapter.  
 
B1. Drugs on our Drug List
 
Our Drug List includes drugs covered under Medicare Part D and some prescription and over ‑the‑counter 