If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
102Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  7 Asking us to pay a bill you got for covered services or drugs
A. Asking us to pay for your services or drugs
 
You should not get a bill for in ‑network services or drugs. Our network providers must bill the plan for your 
covered services and drugs after you get them. A network provider is a provider who works with the health 
plan.  
 
We do not allow Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D ‑SNP) providers to bill you for these services or drugs. 
We pay our providers directly, and we protect you from any charges.  
 
If you get a bill for health care or drugs, do not pay the bill and send the bill to us.  To send us a bill, refer 
to Section B.  
If we cover the services or drugs, we will pay the provider directly.•
If we cover the services or drugs and you already paid the bill, it is your right to be paid back.
If you paid for services covered by Medicare, we will pay you back. ○•
If we do not cover the services or drugs, we will tell you.•
Contact Member Services if you have any questions. If you get a bill and you don’t know what to do about 
it, we can help. You can also call if you want to tell us information about a request for payment you already 
sent to us.  
 
Here are examples of times when you may need to ask us to pay you back or to pay a bill you got:  
 
1. When you get emergency or urgently needed health care from an out ‑of‑network provider  
 
Ask the provider to bill us.  
If you pay the full amount when you get the care, ask us to pay you back . Send us the bill and proof 
of any payment you made.•
You may get a bill from the provider asking for payment that you think you don’t owe. Send us the 
bill and proof of any payment you made.
If the provider should be paid, we will pay the provider directly. ○
If you already paid for the Medicare service, we will pay you back . ○•
2. When a network provider sends you a bill  
 
Network providers must always bill us. It’s important to show your Member ID Card when you get any 
services or prescriptions. But sometimes they make mistakes, and ask you to pay for your services or 
more than your share of the costs. Call Member Services  at the number at the bottom of this page  if you 
get any bills.  
Because we pay the entire cost for your services, you are not responsible for paying any costs. 
Providers should not bill you anything for these services.•
Whenever you get a bill from a network provider, send us the bill. We will contact the provider 
directly and take care of the problem.•
If you already paid a bill from a network provider for Medicare ‑covered services, send us the bill and •