If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
82Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  5 Getting your outpatient prescription drugs
A. Getting your prescriptions filled
 
A1. Filling your prescription at a network pharmacy
 
In most cases, we pay for prescriptions only when filled at any of our network pharmacies. A network 
pharmacy is a drug store that agrees to fill prescriptions for our plan members. You may use any of our 
network pharmacies.  
 
To find a network pharmacy, look in the Provider and Pharmacy Directory,  visit our website or contact 
Member Services.
 
A2. Using your Member ID Card when you fill a prescription
 
To fill your prescription, show your Member ID Card  at your network pharmacy. The network pharmacy 
bills us for your covered prescription drug.  
 
If you don’t have your Member ID Card with you when you fill your prescription, ask the pharmacy to call 
us to get the necessary information.  
 
If the pharmacy can’t get the necessary information, you may have to pay the full cost of the prescription 
when you pick it up. Then you can ask us to pay you back. If you can’t pay for the drug, contact Member 
Services right away.  We will do everything we can to help.  
To ask us to pay you back, refer to Chapter 7  of your  Evidence of Coverage . •
If you need help getting a prescription filled, contact Member Services.•
A3. What to do if you change your network pharmacy
 
If you change pharmacies and need a prescription refill, you can either ask to have a new prescription 
written by a provider or ask your pharmacy to transfer the prescription to the new pharmacy if there are 
any refills left.
 
If you need help changing your network pharmacy, contact Member Services.
 
A4. What to do if your pharmacy leaves the network
 
If the pharmacy you use leaves our plan’s network, you need to find a new network pharmacy.  
 
To find a new network pharmacy, look in the  Provider and Pharmacy Directory,  visit our website, or contact 
Member Services.
 
A5. Using a specialized pharmacy
 
Sometimes prescriptions must be filled at a specialized pharmacy. Specialized pharmacies include:  
Pharmacies that supply drugs for home infusion therapy.•