If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
36Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
If you’re part of a study that Medicare or our plan has not approved, you pay any costs for being in the 
study.  
 
K3. More about clinical research studies
 
You can learn more about joining a clinical research study by reading “Medicare & Clinical Research 
Studies” on the Medicare website ( www.medicare.gov/Pubs/pdf/02226-Medicare-and-Clinical-
Research-Studies.pdf ). You can also call 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a 
week. TTY users should call 1 ‑877‑486 ‑2048.
 
L. How your health care services are covered in a religious non ‑medical 
health care institution
 
L1. Definition of a religious non ‑medical health care institution
 
A religious non ‑medical health care institution is a place that provides care you would normally get in a 
hospital or skilled nursing facility. If getting care in a hospital or a skilled nursing facility is against your 
religious beliefs, we cover care in a religious non ‑medical health care institution.  
 
This benefit is only for Medicare Part A inpatient services (non ‑medical health care services).  
 
L2. Care from a religious non ‑medical health care institution
 
To get care from a religious non ‑medical health care institution, you must sign a legal document that says 
you are against getting medical treatment that is “non ‑excepted.”  
“Non ‑excepted” medical treatment is any care that is voluntary and not required  by any federal, 
state, or local law.•
“Excepted” medical treatment is any care that is not voluntary and is required  under federal, state, 
or local law.•
To be covered by our plan, the care you get from a religious non ‑medical health care institution must meet 
the following conditions:  
The facility providing the care must be certified by Medicare.•
Our plan’s coverage of services is limited to non ‑religious aspects of care. •
If you get services from this institution that are provided to you in a facility:
You must have a medical condition that would allow you to get covered services for inpatient 
hospital care or skilled nursing facility care.○
You must get approval from us before you are admitted to the facility, or your stay will not be 
covered.○•
Please see the Benefits Chart in Chapter 4  for more information about inpatient hospital coverage and 
limitations.
 