If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
144Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
rehabilitation care as an outpatient at a Medicare ‑approved CORF. This usually means you’re getting 
treatment for an illness or accident or you’re recovering from a major operation.•
With any of these three types of services, you have the right to get covered services for as long as the 
doctor says you need them.  
 
When we decide to stop covering any of these, we must tell you before  your services end. When your 
coverage for that service ends, we stop paying for it.  
 
If you think we’re ending the coverage of your care too soon, you can appeal our decision.  This section 
tells you how to ask for an appeal.  
 
I1. Advance notice before your coverage ends
 
We send you a written notice that you’ll get at least two days before we stop paying for your care. This is 
called the “Notice of Medicare Non ‑Coverage.” The notice tells you the date when we will stop covering 
your care and how to appeal our decision.  
 
You or your representative should sign the notice to show that you got it. Signing the notice only  shows 
that you got the information. Signing does not mean you agree with our decision.
 
I2. Making a Level 1 Appeal
 
If you think we’re ending coverage of your care too soon, you can appeal our decision. This section tells 
you about the Level 1 Appeal process and what to do.  
Meet the deadlines.  The deadlines are important. Understand and follow the deadlines that apply to 
things you must do. Our plan must follow deadlines too. If you think we’re not meeting our deadlines, 
you can file a complaint. Refer to  Section K  for more information about complaints.•
Ask for help if you need it.  If you have questions or need help at any time:
Call Member Services at the numbers at the bottom of the page. ○
Call the State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP) at 1 ‑800 ‑792‑8820 (TTY: 711). ○•
Contact the QIO.
Refer to Section H2  or refer to Chapter 2  of your Evidence of Coverage  for more information 
about the QIO and how to contact them.○
Ask them to review your appeal and decide whether to change our plan’s decision. ○•
Act quickly and ask for a “fast ‑track appeal.”  Ask the QIO if it’s medically appropriate for us to end 
coverage of your medical services.•
Your deadline for contacting this organization  
 You must contact the QIO to start your appeal by noon of the day before the effective date on the 
“Notice of Medicare Non ‑Coverage” we sent you.•
 If you miss the deadline for contacting the QIO, you can make your appeal directly to us instead. For 
details about how to do that, refer to Section I4.•