If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
32Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
I. Covered services in a medical emergency, when urgently needed, or 
during a disaster
 
I1.   Care in a medical emergency
 
A medical emergency is a medical condition with symptoms such as severe pain or serious injury. The 
condition is so serious that, if it doesn’t get immediate medical attention, you or anyone with an average 
knowledge of health and medicine could expect it to result in:  
serious risk to your health or to that of your unborn child; or •
serious harm to bodily functions; or •
serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part; or •
in the case of a pregnant woman in active labor, when:
There is not enough time to safely transfer you to another hospital before delivery ○
A transfer to another hospital may pose a threat to your health or safety or to that of your 
unborn child.○•
If you have a medical emergency:  
Get help as fast as possible . Call 911 or use the nearest emergency room or hospital. Call for an 
ambulance if you need it. You do not need approval or a referral from your PCP. You do not need to 
use a network provider. You may get emergency medical care whenever you need it, anywhere in 
the U.S. or its territories or worldwide, from any provider with an appropriate state license.•
As soon as possible, tell our plan about your emergency.  We follow up on your emergency care. 
You or someone else should call to tell us about your emergency care, usually within 48 hours. 
Please call Member Services at 1 ‑844 ‑362‑0934 (TTY: 711). Hours of operation are 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 
days a week.•
Covered services in a medical emergency  
Our plan covers worldwide services outside the United States under the following circumstances:
Emergency care•
Urgently needed care•
Emergency ambulance transportation from the scene of an emergency to the nearest medical 
treatment facility•
Transportation back to the United States from another country is not covered. Pre ‑scheduled and/or 
elective procedures are not covered. See the Benefits Chart in  Chapter 4  for more information. Be sure to 
get a copy of all your medical records from your emergency or urgent care provider before you leave; you 
may need them to file a claim or to help with claims processing. Without these records we may not be able 
to pay your claim.  
 
If you need an ambulance to get to the emergency room, our plan covers that. We also cover medical 
services during the emergency. To learn more, refer to the Benefits Chart in Chapter 4  of your  Evidence of 
Coverage . 
 
The providers who give you emergency care decide when your condition is stable and the medical 
emergency is over. They will continue to treat you and will contact us to make plans if you need follow ‑up 