If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
111Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  8 Your rights and responsibilities
You can get your Medicare Part D prescription drug benefits from a prescription drug plan or from 
another MA plan.•
Refer to Chapter 10  of your Evidence of Coverage :
For more information about when you can join a new MA or prescription drug benefit plan. ○
For information about how you will get your NJ FamilyCare benefits if you leave our plan. ○•
G. Your right to make decisions about your health care
 
You have the right to full information from your doctors and other health care providers to help you make 
decisions about your health care.  
 
G1. Your right to know your treatment choices and make decisions
 
Your providers must explain your condition and your treatment choices in a way that you can understand. 
You have the right to:  
Know your choices.  You have the right to be told about all treatment options. •
Know the risks.  You have the right to be told about any risks involved. We must tell you in advance if 
any service or treatment is part of a research experiment. You have the right to refuse experimental 
treatments.•
Get a second opinion.  You have the right to use another doctor before deciding on treatment. •
Say no.  You have the right to refuse any treatment. This includes the right to leave a hospital or other 
medical facility, even if your doctor advises you not to. You have the right to stop taking a prescribed 
drug. If you refuse treatment or stop taking a prescribed drug, we will not drop you from our plan. 
However, if you refuse treatment or stop taking a drug, you accept full responsibility for what 
happens to you.•
Ask us to explain why a provider denied care.  You have the right to get an explanation from us if a 
provider denied care that you think you should get.•
Ask us to cover a service or drug that we denied or usually don’t cover.  This is called a coverage 
decision. Chapter  9 of your Evidence of Coverage  tells how to ask us for a coverage decision.•
G2. Your right to say what you want to happen if you are unable to make health care 
decisions for yourself
 
Sometimes people are unable to make health care decisions for themselves. Before that happens to you, 
you can:  
Fill out a written form giving someone the right to make health care decisions for you. •
Give your doctors written instructions  about how to handle your health care if you become unable 
to make decisions for yourself, including care you do not want.•
The legal document that you use to give your directions is called an “advance directive.” There are 
different types of advance directives and different names for them. Examples are a living will and a power 
of attorney for health care.  
 
You are not required to have an advance directive, but you can. Here’s what to do if you want to use an 