If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
124Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  9 What to do if you have a problem or complaint (coverage decisions, appeals, 
complaints)
request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.  
 
If you think we should not take extra days, you can make a “fast complaint” about our decision to take 
extra days. When you make a fast complaint, we give you an answer to your complaint within 24 hours. 
The process for making a complaint is different from the process for coverage decisions and appeals. For 
more information about making a complaint, including a fast complaint, refer to Section K.  
 
Fast coverage decision  
 
The legal term for “fast coverage decision” is “expedited determination.”
 
When you ask us to make a coverage decision about your medical care and your health requires a quick 
response, ask us to make a “fast coverage decision.” A fast coverage decision means we will give you an 
answer about a:  
Medical service or item within 72 hours after we get your request.•
Medicare Part B prescription drug within 24 hours after we get your request.•
For a medical item or service, we can take up to 14 more calendar days  if we find information that may 
benefit you is missing (such as medical records from out ‑of‑network providers) or if you need time to get 
us information for the review. If we take extra days to make the decision, we will tell you in writing. We 
can’t take extra time if your request is for a Medicare Part B prescription drug.  
 
If you think we should not take extra days to make the coverage decision, you can make a “fast complaint” 
about our decision to take extra days. For more information about making a complaint, including a fast 
complaint, refer to Section K . We will call you as soon as we make the decision.  
 
To get a fast coverage decision, you must meet two requirements:  
You are asking for coverage for medical care you did not get.  You can’t ask for a fast coverage 
decision about payment for medical care you already got.•
Using the standard deadlines could cause serious harm to your health  or hurt your ability to 
function.•
We automatically give you a fast coverage decision if your doctor tells us your health requires it.  If 
you ask without your doctor’s support, we decide if you get a fast coverage decision.  
If we decide that your health doesn’t meet the requirements for a fast coverage decision, we send 
you a letter that says so and we use the standard deadlines instead. The letter tells you:
We automatically give you a fast coverage decision if your doctor asks for it. ○
How you can file a “fast complaint” about our decision to give you a standard coverage 
decision instead of a fast coverage decision. For more information about making a complaint, 
including a fast complaint, refer to Section K.○•
If we say No to part or all of your request,  we send you a letter explaining the reasons.  
If we say No, you have the right to make an appeal. If you think we made a mistake, making an 
appeal is a formal way of asking us to review our decision and change it.•