If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
43Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Services that our plan pays for  
  Annual  routine physical (continued)  
appearance, a head and neck exam, a heart and lung exam, 
an abdominal exam, a neurological exam, a dermatological 
exam, and an extremities exam. Coverage for this 
non ‑Medicare covered benefit is in addition to the 
Medicare ‑covered annual wellness visit and the "Welcome to 
Medicare" preventive visit. You may schedule your annual 
routine physical once each calendar year. Preventive labs, 
screenings, and/or diagnostic tests received during this visit 
are subject to your lab and diagnostic test coverage. Please 
see Outpatient diagnostic tests and therapeutic services 
and supplies  for more information.
Annual wellness visit   
 
You can get an annual checkup. This is to make or update a 
prevention plan based on your current risk factors. We pay for 
this once every 12 months.  
 
Note:  Your first annual wellness visit can’t take place within 12 
months of your Welcome to Medicare  visit. However, you 
don’t need to have had a Welcome to Medicare  visit to get 
annual wellness visits after you’ve had Part B for 12 months.
  Autism Spectrum Disorder services  
 
For all members with an Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) 
diagnosis, we pay for:
Applied Behavioral Analysis (ABA)•
augmentative and alternative communication services 
and devices•
Sensory Integration (SI) services•
allied health services (physical therapy, occupational 
therapy, and speech therapy)•
Developmental, Individual ‑differences, and 
Relationship ‑based (DIR) services, including but not 
limited to DIR Floortime and the Greenspan approach 
therapy•
Prior authorization may be required and is the 
responsibility of your provider.
Bone mass measurement  
 
We pay for certain procedures for members who qualify 
(usually, someone at risk of losing bone mass or at risk of 
osteoporosis). These procedures identify bone mass, find 
  This benefit is continued on the next page.  