If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
38Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
 
 
M3. Oxygen equipment benefits as a member of our plan
 
If you qualify for oxygen equipment covered by Medicare and you’re a member of our plan, we cover:  
rental of oxygen equipment•
delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents•
tubing and related accessories for the delivery of oxygen and oxygen contents•
maintenance and repairs of oxygen equipment•
Oxygen equipment must be returned when it’s no longer medically necessary for you or if you leave our 
plan.
 
M4. Oxygen equipment when you switch to Original Medicare or another Medicare 
Advantage (MA) plan
 
When oxygen equipment is medically necessary and you leave our plan and switch to Original 
Medicare , you rent it from a supplier for 36 months. Your monthly rental payments cover the oxygen 
equipment and the supplies and services listed above.  
 
If oxygen equipment is medically necessary after you rent it for 36 months , your supplier must provide:  
oxygen equipment, supplies, and services for another 24 months•
oxygen equipment and supplies for up to 5 years if medically necessary•
If oxygen equipment is still medically necessary at the end of the 5 ‑year period : 
Your supplier no longer has to provide it, and you may choose to get replacement equipment from 
any supplier.•
A new 5 ‑year period begins. •
You rent from a supplier for 36 months.•
Your supplier then provides the oxygen equipment, supplies, and services for another 24 months.•
A new cycle begins every 5 years as long as oxygen equipment is medically necessary.•
When oxygen equipment is medically necessary and  you leave our plan and switch to another MA plan , 
the plan will cover at least what Original Medicare covers. You can ask your new MA plan what oxygen 
equipment and supplies it covers and what your costs will be.