If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
78Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  4 Benefits Chart
Refer to the Benefits Chart in Section D for more information about what we pay for while you are getting 
hospice care services.  
 
For hospice services and services covered by Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B that relate to your 
terminal prognosis  
The hospice provider bills Medicare for your services. Medicare pays for hospice services related to 
your terminal prognosis. You pay nothing for these services.•
For services covered by Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B that are not related to your terminal 
prognosis  
The provider will bill Medicare for your services. Medicare will pay for the services covered by 
Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B. You pay nothing for these services.•
For drugs that may be covered by our plan’s Medicare Part D benefit  
Drugs are never covered by both hospice and our plan at the same time. For more information, refer 
to Chapter 5  of your  Evidence of Coverage .•
Note:  If you need non ‑hospice care, call your Care Manager to arrange the services. Non ‑hospice care is 
care not related to your terminal prognosis.
 
F. Benefits not covered by our plan, Medicare, or NJ FamilyCare
 
This section tells you about benefits excluded by our plan. “Excluded” means that we do not pay for these 
benefits. Medicare and Medicaid do not pay for them either.  
 
The list below describes some services and items not covered by us under any conditions and some 
excluded by us only in some cases.  
 
We do not pay for excluded medical benefits listed in this section (or anywhere else in this Evidence of 
Coverage ) except under specific conditions listed. Even if you receive the services at an emergency 
facility, the plan will not pay for the services. If you think that our plan should pay for a service that is not 
covered, you can request an appeal. For information about appeals, refer to Chapter  9 of your Evidence of 
Coverage . 
 
In addition to any exclusions or limitations described in the Benefits Chart, our plan does not cover the 
following items and services:  
services considered not “reasonable and medically necessary,” according to Medicare and NJ 
FamilyCare standards, unless we list these as covered services•
experimental medical and surgical treatments, items, and drugs, unless Medicare, a 
Medicare ‑approved clinical research study, or our plan covers them. Refer to  Chapter 3  of 
your  Evidence of Coverage  for more information on clinical research studies. Experimental treatment 
and items are those that are not generally accepted by the medical community. •
surgical treatment for morbid obesity, except when medically necessary and Medicare pays for it•