If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
26Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  3 Using our plan’s coverage for your health care and other covered services
at a Medicare ‑certified dialysis facility.
C. Your  Care Manager
 
C1. What a Care Manager  is
 
A Care Manager is a trained person who works for our plan to make sure you get the health care you need. 
A Care Manager, along with others on the care team, will work with you to complete health risk 
assessments in order to create your personal care plan. Your Care Manager will also help you obtain 
benefits, coordinate appointment scheduling, and assist with accessing community resources and 
support.
 
C2. How you can contact your  Care Manager
 
A Care Manager will be assigned to you when you become a member. You Care Manager will contact you 
when you enroll in the plan. You can also call Member Services if you need help getting in contact with 
your Care Manager.  
 
C3. How you can change your  Care Manager
 
If you would like to change your Care Manager, please contact our Member Services department at the 
number below.
 
D. Care from providers
 
D1. Care from a primary care provider (PCP)
 
You must choose a PCP to provide and manage your care.  
 
Definition of a PCP and what a PCP does do for you  
As a member of our plan, you must have a network PCP on file with us. It is very important that you choose 
a network PCP and tell us who you have chosen. Your PCP can help you stay healthy, treat illnesses and 
coordinate your care with other health care providers. Your PCP (or PCP office) will appear on your 
Member ID Card. If your Member ID Card does not show a PCP (or PCP office), or the PCP on your card is 
not the one you want to use, please contact us immediately.  
 
Depending on where you live, the following types of providers may act as a PCP:
General Practitioner•
Internist•
Family Practitioner•
Geriatrician•
Physician Assistants•