If you have questions,  please call Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) Member 
Services at 1-844-362-0934 (TTY: 711), 8 AM to 8 PM, 7 days a week. The call is free.  
For more information , visit AetnaMedicare.com/NJDSNP .
113Aetna Assure Premier Plus (HMO D-SNP) EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE
Chapter  8 Your rights and responsibilities
2, Section C .
The Ombudsperson Program at 1 ‑800 ‑446 ‑7467. For more details about this program, refer 
to Chapter 2  of your Evidence of Coverage .•
Medicare at 1 ‑800 ‑MEDICARE (1 ‑800 ‑633‑4227), 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. TTY users should call 
1‑877‑486 ‑2048. (You can also read or download “Medicare Rights & Protections,” found on the Medicare 
website at www.medicare.gov/Pubs/pdf/11534-Medicare-Rights-and-Protections.pdf ).  
 
You can also contact the New Jersey Medicaid program for assistance. You can call the NJ Department of 
Human Services, Division of Medical Assistance and Health Services at 1 ‑800 ‑701‑0710 (TTY: 711).
 
I. Your responsibilities as a plan member
 
As a plan member, you have a responsibility to do the things that are listed below. If you have any 
questions, call Member Services.  
 
Read the Evidence of Coverage  to learn what our plan covers and the rules to follow to get covered 
services and drugs. For details about your:
Covered services, refer to Chapters 3 and 4  of your Evidence of Coverage . Those chapters tell 
you what is covered, what is not covered, what rules you need to follow, and what you pay.○
Covered drugs, refer to  Chapters 5 and 6  of your Evidence of Coverage . ○•
Tell us about any other health or prescription drug coverage  you have. We must make sure you 
use all of your coverage options when you get health care. Call Member Services if you have other 
coverage.•
Tell your doctor and other health care providers  that you are a member of our plan. Show your 
Member ID Card when you get services or drugs.•
Help your doctors  and other health care providers give you the best care.
Give them information they need about you and your health. Learn as much as you can about 
your health problems. Follow the treatment plans and instructions that you and your providers 
agree on.○
Make sure your doctors and other providers know about all of the drugs you take. This 
includes prescription drugs, over ‑the‑counter drugs, vitamins, and supplements.○
Ask any questions you have. Your doctors and other providers must explain things in a way 
you can understand. If you ask a question and you don’t understand the answer, ask again.○•
Be considerate.  We expect all plan members to respect the rights of others. We also expect you to 
act with respect in your doctor’s office, hospitals, and other provider offices.•
Pay what you owe.  As a plan member, you are responsible for these payments: •
If you get any services or drugs that are not covered by our plan, you must pay the full 
cost.  (Note:  If you disagree with our decision to not cover a service or drug, you can make an 
appeal. Please refer to Chapter 9 to learn how to make an appeal.)•
Tell us if you move.  If you plan to move, tell us right away. Call Member Services.
If you move outside of our service area, you cannot stay in our plan.  Only people who live in 
our service area can be members of this plan. Chapter  1 of your Evidence of Coverage  tells 
about our service area.○
We can help you find out if you’re moving outside our service area. During a special enrollment ○•